So far love the camera and the wifi connectivity.
was not for me
Super clearity started using this always compare to iPhone :)
good camera.
it takes pictures.
This small camera is what I was looking for glad that I bought it.
I bought this camera for upcoming travel after reading extensive reviews of several popular makes.
What sold me on this camera was its wifi and 'smart' capabilities, and powerful zoom lens.
I've just returned from a first trip using the SamsungWB350f, and can verify that the quality of photos was outstanding and the 21x zoom lens useful on so many occasions.
I am strictly an amateur photographer, so I appreciate technology and craftsmanship that can make my photos look good on Facebook and other photo sharing resources.
The one problem I experienced was not with the camera itself, but with a hotel's wifi connection that was apparently too weak to enable emailing of photos (the Facebook upload wouldn't work either).
When I stayed in another hotel, there was no problem with the wifi connection.
I have not yet tried to connect to my laptop with a USB cable, but that process seems straightforward.
This camera offers so many features that it will take me some time to learn and practice most of them, but in the meantime the auto shoot capabilities are more than adequate and I am happy with the purchase.
Photos attached: (1) The live oak avenue at the Boone Hall Plantation in Mt.
Pleasant, SC.
(2) same shot taken using panorama mode (3) Luna moth close-up daytime shot (4) Luna moth close-up nighttime shot.
Super easy to use and set up.
My wife loves the WiFi connectivity for uploading pictures.
Pretty good picture quality on the video too, which is a big bonus!
Just got it yesterday and so far, I love it!!!!
Seems to be built very well and it's attractive.
Also it's only about and inch wide except where the lens.
Very compact.
View screen is awesome!
Comes with wrist strap, battery and wall plug/usb.
Only downside was that the instructions were in every language BUT English in the first 3 or 4 pages in the instruction book.
Had to figure some things out on my own by the very tiny photos.
Great starter camera .
Takes amazing  photos
None of the wi fi features even worked,and the picture quality is not as good as the old Argus that  used to have.
Pretty easy to use if you know about technology
So far love the camera and the wifi connectivity.
was not for me
love it .
Telephoto shots are clearer than I expected.
Super clearity started using this always compare to iPhone :)
good camera.
it takes pictures.
Have been taking many pictures since receiving camera, some great, some not so good, have to remember to half click to focus before taking picture, downloaded manual which is big help, tiny memory stix.
Love this camera!
Takes great pictures...very easy to transfer photos to cell & computer.
Very easy to operate.
Nice, large lcd screen.
Just love it!
!
Excellent!
I'm not new to the world of technology!
This WB350F that I purchased for my mother has lots of problems!
The reason I bought it was because it has the ability to copy her photos to Google Photos without using the computer.
She's not very computer literate and I was hoping to make technology simple for her.
She's fine when just browsing around.
1 - If plugged in the computer to recharge, it can't be used.
The menu buttons don't do anything and the screen doesn't come on.
It can only exist as a storage device when plugged into the computer.
2 - When I configured it to connect to my home WIFI, it said it needed to be updated so I did that.
PROBLEM - It removed the Google Photos feature that was the whole reason I bought it in the first place.
It removed several other features as well.
The only feature that remains is uploading to Facebook which my mother doesn't care about (Mom is 80 years old).
3 - I installed the automatic update feature on my PC (new-ish i7 quad-core laptop).
I was impressed when I took a photo on the camera and wirelessly found and Auto Updated to the laptop.
PROBLEM - it didn't work the 2nd time I tried it.
Yes, I could debug it but that defeats the whole reason I bought the camera in the first place.
It takes nice photos but so do many other cameras.
I'm done messing with Samsung.
I'm returning this camera ASAP.
I purchased this as a graduation gift for my girlfriend, and she loves it!
It takes great landscaping pictures!
We have taken many many picture with this camera, especially on a skiing trip.
Took beautiful pictures of the mountains.
Love the touch screen!
It's easy to handle, very user friendly!
Do not buy camera if you read the Samsung info on product site.
Says it will directly load pics and video to FB and you tube.
Lies lies lies.
Just spent two hours on support.
Final Samsung answer is will load to fb but not to you tube.
So sorry!!!!!!!!
They now say you need to upgrade to ma more expensive model.
The did not care about there false advertising.
They admitted to it, but tough luck.
great pics
Good camera, found some features a bit confusing asit did not come with a manual.
Occasional a short delay on the shutter.
Camera is great when it works.
There is a problem with the camera and battery.
We thought it was a faulty battery so we bought 2 back up batteries.
Camera still doesn't work all the time.
We don't bother taking it anywhere anymore because we can't get it to work most of the time.
GREAT ITEM
This is actually a pretty good camera in some ways.
It takes very good photos.
I like the ability to touch an object on the view screen and have the camera focus on that object.
So, why the one star rating?
I bought this camera specifically for a vacation trip later this summer.
I was  looking for a camera with Wi-Fi capabilities so I could upload photos too the cloud daily and protect my images against loss or theft of the camera.
After receiving the camera I discovered I can only upload images to Facebook, Dropbox or One Drive.
The software will not allow access to other sites.
Two calls to customer support confirmed this is all the software is capable of doing.
I feel the camera is not capable of functioning as advertised.
I would recommend looking seriously  at competing Wi-Fi  cameras and staying clear of this one.
This was my 2nd camera ever owned, after my first one was stolen 8 years ago.
I got into photography, but didn't want to jump the gun and buy something like a DSLR so I did my research for a couple weeks and discovered that THIS exact CAMERA was the BEST ALL AROUND for what I was looking for in this price range.
Probably my favorite features of this camera were the Wi-Fi/Post straight to Facebook App and the ZOOM!
ITS FREAKIN INCREDIBLE HOW FAR I WAS ABLE TO ZOOM IN!
I zoomed in on a ship out in the ocean while at the beach and at full zoom you can actually see the ship pretty clearly!
I was blown away!
Another cool little feature is that in order to work the Flash, you must press the flash button on the camera and the Flash will Pop itself out of the camera.
To put flash back in its place, you gently push it back in and youll hear a click.
(see pictures below)
HIGHLY RECOMMEND FOR CAMERA LOVERS AND PHOTOGRAPHERS
Been using since November 29th, 2015
Black material is plastic, I believe, with a leather feel.
I really dont think its leather though.
Still really nice design!
CONS:
Memory Card and Card Adapter SOLD SEPARATELY!
I suggest the Samsung 32GB EVO Class 10 with Adapter.
I bought the card with adapter through Amazon as well!
ALSO:
Not a Con but I DO RECOMMEND a second charger for backup.
The battery lasts a good amount of time but its always safe to have a backup battery.
I recommend the SLB-10A Battery and Battery Charger for Samsung that you can buy on Amazon for 14.99$ The one I bought came with a Plug-in Wall Charger, a Car Charger, and the Backup Battery of course!
all that for 15$ is a no-brainer!
(Get a case too for traveling)
I found this camera on sale at Walmart for $89.99 and decided to give it a try because of all of the good reviews i read on multiple websites.
I am no photographer but i wanted something to take good photos of our family during important events like christmas, birthdays and vacations and this camera has been great.
Its nice and compact and has so many different options to choose from!
If you want a camera that doesnt break the bank but still takes nice photos, this is a great option.
I am 100% happy with mine :)
Good price for a very good camera.
Easy to use and carry on.
Great camera, for the price it's outstanding!!
!
the lack of an accelerator made reviewing photos taken with this camera very frustrating.
i ended up selling it and purchasing a different model.
When i first for this camera i thought it was amazing!
but now it spends most of its time freezing up and i end up using my phone camera instead.
And every time i try to connect it to my phone it has a total breakdown.
Now it's been too long to return so i'm pretty upset.
Like the wide angle
awesome camera.
great zoom&#62;
Fabulous for outdoor pictures and any area with good light.
The flash is pretty much useless... the light doesn't spread and the subject just looks white.
I love the wireless aspects and it is very easy to use.
I LOVE MY CAMERA!!!!
Works so well, I've had it for a year now and have not had one problem with it!!!
Highly recommend
I purchased this camera since I want to take very good quality pictures of our new baby.
The wi-fi enables me to quickly share the pictures with my family and even place them on the tv.
I still take pictures with my phone, but the quality is definitely better with this camera.
If you want to print the pictures afterwards, I do recommend it.
Really nice camera, great for video blogging and instagram.
Loving the camera so far!
Haven't been able to use all the features yet, but bought it to replace using an iphone for everything!
Very easy to use, crisp gorgeous quality.
My rating went from a four to a two.
A couple months after the warranty expired, the camera started changing modes on its own.
This makes it difficult not only to shoot, but to capture shots spontaneously.
Am no longer longer satisfied - a two rating.
I did chat with Customer Service and they sent me through some troubleshooting.
The technician had me take the battery out put it back in and restart.
That didn’t work so they guided me through resetting the camera.
This didn’t work either.
I am saddened to share this with you.
This is my first time purchasing a Samsung camera and I'm not sure I would feel confident buying another one.
Up until the camera malfunctioned, I would have rated it a four since it had been easy to use in &#34;Auto mode&#34; and took some wonderful shots.
The only shots it hadn't taken well were sunrise and sunset shots.
Hoping your experience is better than mine.
My smart phone does not take very good pics at all (sometimes blurry, sometimes pixel like), so I am really glad I purchased this camera.
Love the fact it takes great pics, for my use (not a professional, just someone who likes to vacation and take pics), its small enough for my needs, and my favorite of this is that it can upload to FaceBook using Wifi.
I could not be happier with this camera.
Small footprint, but loaded with features.
Really easy to operate and use the WiFi.
I can carry in my purse so I always have my camera at hand.
Great little camera
This was for my daughter and she says she likes it a lot .
I love this camera and everything about it!!
I'm going to be starting a YouTube channel very soon, once I get everything I need!!!
I'll be using this camera for all my videos!!
I love it!
I have a 3 year Plan on it, if it drops or break!!
!
Very nice and easy to operate,we love it.
Don't risk your memories on this disaster.
- 1 of 6 pictures will turn out.
If you take this on a special occasion, I hope you have a great memory because this won't help!
Love the camera!
Got it for the wife for v-day.
I found it 50 dollars cheaper at walmart.
Had to send mine back.
This camera takes awesome pictures and has an excellent optical zoom, my biggest complaint is the software.
It keeps shutting off and going into modes that it wasnt asked to.
High hopes and luke warm results.
Looks great.
Very user friendly.
Great pics.
Returned.
App doesn't work nearly as described.
Got it transfer photos to my iPhone but you can't do anything from there.
Also iPhone won't let you utilize nfc to use as a view finder.
So not that it wasn't a good product, just didn't function as I had hoped.
I love this camera it was a perfect point and shoot that also let you use it as a more professional camera with fully adjustable features.
My ex has this camera and I'm seriously considering buying this one again.
A bought this as a convenient choice for trips and hiking.
It is a good compromise between my phone and my DSLR
grandson loves it
I adore this camera!!
My favorite things.... #1 it does well in low light #2 the flash is bright and takes QUICK pictures #3 photo quality is very good #4 the zoom is amazing #5 the Auto feature is great and it adjusts for whatever you need in a point and shoot (if you point it at something close up it automatically sets to Macro, if you go to a low light room it goes to low light, etc etc.
It's very easy!
My old camera you had to manually adjust those settings even in auto mode.
It feels nice in your hands and it works like a charm!
It's been worth the money to me and it's not so terribly expensive that it was too far off my budget.
I use it mainly to take pictures of my children (toddler, and soon my baby on the way).
I bought back up batteries for whenever I need them they are ready and charged, got a case for it and also got a SanDisk Ultra 128GB microSDXC UHS-I card with adapter and I can get 14,000 + photos with it and hours of HD video.
It's very nice.
I absolutely love this camera.
Haven't had it very long, still want to learn manual mode.
However, for a point and shoot in automatic mode is fantastic.
I love the feature-set too.
The smart features, the filters, everything about this camera is great.
The price is awesome too.
I honestly have 0 complaints this far.
Obviously I will update the review once I had it linger or if any problems arise.
I researched several cameras and this one is superior to all.
Takes excellent picture (especially wild life.
Very poor quality pics.....it always looked yellow and blurry
Very nice camera, simple to use, compact, amazing zoom and sharp pictures.
What more can you want?
I like  Samsung galaxy  phones  and camera's  the pictures  are beautiful.
Got this for my 80 year old mom.
She is loving it.
Synchs with her phone and sharing is relatively easy.
Zoom is great and touch screen is a big bonus.
Pictures are no better than the cell phone's camera.
The various options and camera adjustments don't seem to improve the quality of pictures.
so far so good, need to use it more.
great zoom.
doesnt always pick up on wifi.
but super fun to use.
Worked great for my vlogs and photos for a trip to Orlando.
The high quality video was amazing, and the ability to transfer the photos to my tablet for editing was super handy!
I don't have a smartphone but I do have a Samsung Galaxy Tab 4, and the combination of these two worked amazing!
21x zoom is incredible.
Haven't had a chance to use it.
Planed on using it during hunting season but didn't it got as planed
Looks like a good back up for me Cannon Digital SLR
Takes beautiful pictures and video for our family.
Very easy to use and set up.
One of the best point and shoot cameras I've used!
Works very well.
Great Camera for price.
Bought this for work (actually I bought 2) because they take really nice pictures and can be used by Luddites.
I bought this camera for my 16 year old daughter.
She loves every feature in this camera.
The optical zoom, wifi, NFC and the apps.
The ease to operate and the quality of images and video in a compact point and shoot.
This is a bargain !
Would not connect to Wifi.
Tried my hidden network and broadcast network with both 2.4 Ghz and 5 Ghz channels but kept failing connection.
Minus 1 star.
The silver part of the camera is very cheap looking plastic.
Minus 1 star.
Returned it and now waiting for the Panasonic ZS60 to be available in a couple of months.
Two pair for two  daughters that workout and jog.
They know good sound.
They love the freedom of blutooth.
The fit and controls are great.
I like the price.
I've had this camera just over a year.
I'm a novice, having used film SLRs before going digital (though I can't bring myself to pay for a digital SLR).
I bought this to replace my broken Lumix that died after less than 2 years (I had another Lumix before that that lasted 3 years, and loved it, but was sorely disappointed when it died so quickly).
The features are great.
I don't have a smartphone, but if I did, I'd use even more features.
I only use half, and that's more than enough for me.
I use the Wifi button a lot, as well as several different &#34;scene&#34; shooting methods.
You can adjust the aperture manually, too, which I love.
The pictures are usually clear and sharp.
The low light shooting is so good I think I've only used the flash twice.
You can take pictures while recording video, but don't expect them to be high res.
The worst part is it can be slow to take the first picture.
By the time the shutter opens, the mode flashes and everything gets into focus, you can miss the shot.
Also, within the last month, it's started flashing as if changing modes between the 1st and 2nd picture, so sometimes I can't get the 2nd picture in.
That's really my only complaint after a year of owning, except for the really picky complaint that the &#34;review&#34; of the pictures is backwards - you press the left button to go forward instead of the right like every other camera or device out there.
Very well made
The high rating is as much due to the way it has, so far, done everything I wanted it to very well, but that I cannot find any major drawbacks.
Of course time will tell, yet the build quality, functional layout, and features fits my needs for a pocket camera.
I have a full DSLR and all the lens I need and have worked as a professional in the past.
Yet for an upcoming trip and for scouting locations for photo outings this little gem will do nicely.
If you are worried about picture noise lower your ISO as far as you can for the picture you are taking.
One must remember that the sensor on a point and shoot, while larger than a cell phone cameras, is smaller than a DSLRs.
The smaller the sensor the more &#34;noise&#34; or grainy the image will be when enlarged.
One must remember what your purpose is for getting a point and shoot.
While this one has many features, including a tripod adapter which is almost required at 21X zoom,  it is not a full sized camera and will not take pictures like one.
Had this camera for, about, six months.
No problems.
Picture quality is great and easy to use.
Better to use the programmable picture types (ie.
Shutter speed)  Auto doesn't take the greatest pictures, but not horrible, either.
Wifi feature works great.
Can email pictures, easily and can connect the camera to my phone.
Have connected to a smart TV, as well.
Phone feels solid and is a great size, perfect for hiking and traveling.
Not as compact as I was hoping and heavery than expected (personal preference).
I usually purchase Canon or Nikon and will stick with that.
I absolutely love this camera!
the image quality is amazing, and the speed can almost keep up with my two year old grandson!
It is super easy to use and ready to go with very little preparation.
The best way to review is to show you what it did on day 1 when all i knew how to do was point, shoot, and zoom!
the baby was an action shot and captured him perfectly - the bearded wonder is from all the way across a very large room - it zoomed in wonderfully on those beautiful little feet sticking out from under the big present!
It was able to zoom in halfway across the room and take shots in the midst of a sea of people to capture those same little feet using his gift as a footstool!
that was no easy task!
he kept trying to shoo people out of the way but they towered far above him and did not see, but the camera saw him!
My wife really enjoys this camera.
She's used it for going on four months and for someone who isn't very tech-savy she's got a pretty good hold on how to use it.
I would recommend a case as it doesn't come with one.
Great camera!!
Easy to use and great zoom!
buy it
Bought on for a friend and plan on purchasing one for myself.
Awesome size.
Just what my wife wanted.
Takes the place of our large dslr.
Quickly ready to shoot from start up.
EXACTLY AS DESCRIBED - SWIFT DELIVERY - AWESOME
The camera is a decent camera.
However, there seems to be a problem when trying to upload pictures via the provided usb cord.
The ilauncher software does not seem to be installed correctly because the software does not start up at all.
I have contact samsung to try and resolve the issue.
No response as of yet....
I've tried uploading to both a windows based and mac pc, neither will recognize the device.
Good camera, traveled well, good images.
I bought this for my wife after purchasing a Samsung NX300 for my photographic use with Rotary.
My wife loves the camera and I use hers myself since she always has it in her purse.
Shots are very clear and the zoom is excellent.
Wife loves this camera.
I really wanted to like this camera BUT the dial spins around too easily so that when I pull it out of the case I bought, it is at the wrong setting and I miss my shot.
Sometimes it seems it is broken when I turn it on then I discover that its dial has spun around to wi-fi or setup.
I downloaded the software update before a trip to Mexico City last week and now when I turn it on, it flashes two different screens before it is ready to shoot.
I checked that the screens were turned off but that didn't matter.
I will continue using it but think I will skip Samsung next time.
I bought this camera and the Case Logic Compact Camera Case together.
I like the red color as I can keep track of it easily.
Used mainly for nature photos in nearby national park.
Really like the long telephoto lens and the clear picture it takes.
Handy neck strap on the case makes it easily accessible on walks.
A really nice camera with a lot of features this old guy is still learning about.
Great for photographing deer and birds.
Recommend this combination of camera and case, the case is a snug fit but very protective..
Transfers pictures to computer easily and the clarity is amazing on computer screen.
Compact and takes really great photos.
However, the protective lens cover failed to close completely after just owning it under a month.
Hardly used it too.
I love the zoom.
The wifi stuff works but I have not used it much yet.
Its takes a decent picture but I have seen better from my mom's Nikon, albeit that cost a bit more.
zoom is awesome
I go to a lot of concerts at night and during the day.
This is a great compact camera that takes great pictures!
It fits great in a pocket and the zoom works great
I am no so fond of this camera!!
those functions they list are very hard to use, the manual is very short and vague!
you will not find what and how to use them.
The dial for setting is on the surface and so sensitive that it changed to different setting itself without your will... if it had been taken out of the bag or whenever ...
I bought it for the Zoom function but not be able to manage this because it turned blur when you trying to adjust the dial...
I give up but not return it.
I will give it away!!
!
Overall a nice camera.
If you definitely want one this small, it's great with good features and not too difficult or confusing to figure out.
It has a built-in lens cover, which is awesome.
Even when attached, I hate messing with lens caps (how lazy can you get, eh?).
One main reason I wanted to do this review is to help explain the zoom function.
I'm old school, and have had difficulty translating the 21x zoom into camera language I understand.
In the new language of digital cameras it means it zooms to 21 times the size of the wide angle, which is pretty wide.
This is deceptive and sounds like it zooms a mile!
Not.
My best assessment of what that means to the photographer is this (approximately) -- the wide angle displays the image as appearing 2-3 times more far away than what your eye sees.
The fully zoomed out view is about 2-3 times closer than what your eye sees.
So, it really isn't a HUGE zoom capacity, but probably adequate for most of us.
Some other small cameras have a 5x zoom; I can't even imagine how insignificant that is.
Wouldn't even bring it even to your eye's view.
(When I zoom this camera, I'm at about 12x before the camera view equals what my eye sees.)
As always, depends on what you want to use it for.
Some more points -- When it's fully zoomed out (telephoto), you see a lot of &#34;shake&#34; in the camera, so you have to be cautious about your framing.
It's supposed to have some stabilizer, but I'm not even sure what that means.
I know what I see.
Something happened the DAY I received this.
I have a Drop Box account and wanted to be able to send my photos there and not to my phone.
I take a lot of pictures and don't want that many on my phone.
The Drop Box icon was on the camera.
When I couldn't login on the camera to Drop Box, I contacted Samsung.
They said that Drop Box has hightened its security to the point where no Samsung camera is able to access it.
I don't know about other camera brands.
That same day the icon disappeared from the camera's upload options.
Now, it ONLY can send to your phone via WiFi and then it goes to Drop Box.
Seems like a dumb and unnecessary extra step.
This was a big disappointment for me.
I'm looking into this further.
So, Pros:  Nice size and lightweight
Most zoom available on this small of a camera
Decent optics
Lens cover
Nice flexibility -- Manual options so you can select shutter priority for action shots or aperture priority for special lighting, and more
The one I bought is refurbished and is in perfect condition.
Good deal
Cons:  No longer has optimum WiFi sharing capability
I wish the wide angle wasn't as wide; seems standard in this kind of camera, but who needs something to look that far away?
You just don't need the entire Rocky Mountain range in the shot.
(IMHO)
So -- not everything is as awesome as it might be in some camera somewhere, but still, in this price range this is a very nice little camera.
Can't ding it for not having what more expensive and bigger cameras have.
I'm opting for a more compact and light weight camera for my needs.
This is the best of all that.
Nice camera.
This is a solid camera.
I personally own one and purchased two more for gifts.
great product and fast delivery
I bought this camera because I was going kayaking with my daughter and didn't want to haul my DSLR with me.
This camera now goes everywhere with me and I don't feel at all hesitant using it when my DSLR isn't with me.
It's very easy to get set up and start shooting with it.
The WiFi is also very easy to set up for transferring images to other devices.
It doesn't come with a dedicated battery charger... you charge it like you would your cell phone by plugging the USB cable into the phone.
Images taken and the long end of the zoom are predictably not very sharp when used hand-held.
I love this camera.
Pic quality is perfect for my usage.
It's small, great zoom.
Pretty good recording quality.
I'm happy.
I don't know how it rates with all cameras, but I can use these photos on printed flyers and websites.
good enough for me.
For the amount you spend on a camera, it should come with an Micro SD card.
I love the idea that it is touch screen and the instructions are right on the camera itself.
The display screen is very big and I'm love the zoom on it that's why I rated it with 5 stars.
Love this camera.
took it on vacation and took amazing pictures!
Loved that it came with everything and it came in perfect condition.
I'm no photographer but it serves its purpose.
I bought this so I could have better 4x6 prints of my daughter for her baby albums.
The prints I was getting from my camera phone was terrible.
AV house responded quickly to my emails as well.
I'm still getting the hang of it but will update my review after awhile.
So far I am happy with my purchase.
It was a great deal!
This is an awesome little camera.
Takes great pictures in multiple shooting modes and has a very good range of the optical zoom lens.
The Wi-Fi feature is excellent.
You can wirelessly transfer pictures directly to your computer or cell phone.
You can even use your cell phone to compose and take pictures remotely.
This is really nice when you're traveling alone with no one else around to get a picture for you.
Set the camera up, zoom in and out, viewing the shot through your phone and take the picture.
The app is even compatible with the Apple iphone.
Its a metal body camera that's pretty well made.
I dropped it on the street from about three feet.
It slightly dented and scratched the ring around the lens, but everything was ok.
The only thing I wish this camera had was an optical view window.
Most compact digital cameras now come without one, but its still nice to have for composing shots when you have a bright light source shining on your LCD screen.
It's an amazing camera!
Fast, with a beautiful resolution and a lot of features.
So comfortable to be a small camera, really cover my needs.
My favorite camera of all time!
The photos came out clear and really had definition to them.
It was very easy for me to access it and get it out of the case that I bought separately.
I love it!
Unfortunately mine was stolen, so every time I go to take a picture with my bulky camera, I always think back to this little beauty.
I bought this camera and find it very good for my purposes, however, I wanted to try the WiFi feature and learned that Samsung does not have tested information in connecting the camera to my desktop Mac 10.11 version, specifically, OSX El Capitan.
I was told that when this feature can be used on my Mac, I would be updated on this fact.
This is the best camera I've had so far!!
Love the fact that it's so light but takes amazing pictures just like my top of the line Canon digital.
Incredible camera for the price.
I love that I can take pictures and send them right to my phone or email.
Great zoom, decently wide angle.
I bought this camera for a trip to St John.
I have a DSLR camera that I love but I wanted something smaller for my trip.
I originally went with a less expensive canon model, which I returned after 10 minutes playing with it (photos were lower quality than my iphone).
Then I gave this model a try.
The body has a nice feel to it, it's solid and big enough to get everything done.
The wi-fi option made it easy to send photos home every day, and it remembers the email addresses you feed to it, so I gave it my family emails once and then could just select them again each day.
It allows you to send up to 6 photos per message, and I was sending them to 5 people.
I don't know if there is a max number of people you can send to at once, but five worked for me!
The options are easy to use, but just the standard &#34;auto&#34; mode worked really well too.
It could be faster getting ready for the first shot after turning the camera on, but that would be my only complaint about the camera at all.
I got some fantastic shots both around the island and underwater.
We were all very pleased with the results.
The panorama mode is especially well done.
The 21x optical zoom is impressive, and worked really smoothly.
In auto mode you can get into digital zoom too (which nobody really wants) but it does pause at 21x and force you to release the zoom rocker and then start again so that you KNOW you're in digital zoom mode.
It's a nice feature that I didn't find in it's competitors.
It was a nice camera but I returned it since it was a little larger than what I wanted.
I was amazed by the quality of this point 'n shoot!
It is extremely user friendly, and the photos look gorgeous.
I've gotten more compliments on photos taken with this than I ever have on photos from my Canon Rebel.
It's very portable and a great asset to the camera bag!
Love this camera spectacular
Very good camera for price.
Pictures are crisp and very clear.
User friendly also.
Slightly larger than the Panasonic Lumix it replaced, this camera is easy for a beginner to use but still has some advanced features.
Menu structure is easy to use for common functions like timed shutter delay.
Telephoto function has a &#34;lag&#34; and takes a bit of getting used to.
Overall a very nice point-and-shoot camera.
LOVE it.
Every time I use it I'm happy I bought it.
Convinient camera.
Takes really sharp pictures.
Love this!
like it a lot
Very versatile, easy to operate and takes great pictures
I couldn't believe the zoom lens.
Awesome camera.
Have not tried the WiFi feature yet.
Took a chance and bought a refurbished camera.
Later, I learned that cameras refurbished by the manufacturer are just as good as new.
Looking forward to creating my own photos for display in my new home.
USE IT ALL THE TIME - AND WIFI IS THE BOMB
Great camera need app to transfer photos
Awesome little camera.
Has great features.
Perfect for our high school daughter.
So far i really ejnoy this little camera, handy size to carry when i don't want to lug bigger SLRs Nikons or Fugi .
Take good videos, smooth zoom while shooting.
It is excelent
I love everything about this camera, its leather-like look, weight, size, picture and video quality, and having manual mode is awesome for taking pictures of the moon, for example.
The only problem I had with this camera, is that the battery died after a couple of months, just bought a new one and replaced it easily.
I have a samsumg NX300 camera, although it is a mirrorless camera, it is still quite bulky due to those big lenses i  attached to it  ( for the reason of it unwieldy mobility i had missed many chances that i could have gotten many good photos if i had had it with me).
I decided to get a pocket camera that i can bring it around everyday, so i will not miss any photographic scene that always happens when i don't have my NX300 with me.
Now i can carry my Sansung WB350f on my belt whenever i go out.
I bought this WB350 pocket camera from amazon and it came in in 2 days after i ordered it ,as a prime member.
My first impression about this small camera is that it feels solid with the black leather texture in the front of the body that looks very nice.
The whole camera is like a minimalism artwork.
It has only straight lines and a circle looking from the front.
It smacks of a 50's old style camera.
Now about the performance, I like the 21X zoom lens very much.
The range is equal to 23mm all the way up to 480mm.
To cover this range on the mirrorless NX300 i need to carry at least two big lenses.
The small WB250f easily cover the range with one single small lens.
Of course, the photo i took with the small camera can not compete with that of the mirrorless camera, but the mobility of the small camera is more than compensating for the quality issue of the photos ( if one do not blow the image all the way to the highest resolution.)
All in all i enjoy this small camera that is so handy and can cover almost all the shooting occasions.
So far i have used it for only 2 days and i will post another review after i have used it for a longer time and see if anything will breakdown when it is not so new anymore.
Highly recommending to anyone who needs a small mobile camera one can carry with him/her whenever one goes out and uses the camera like a mobile phone.
Even the quality of images it takes is not as good as the DSL, the photo quality is wayyyy better than the mobile phones ( as a matter of fact, it is  several order better than any mobile phone can do with  this small camera).
I use this camera occasionally and it already doesn't work well.
I try to take a picture and the setting doesn't stay in, it is bogging, disappointing.
This little camera is wonderful.
I love being able to transfer photos to my phone on the fly.
You can upload photos to Facebook directly.
Youtube, Picasa, etc.
are no longer supported.
The sound on the videos is really pretty good.
I bought a nicer strap for the camera.
I think the low light photos are good.
Love it!
This camera is easy to use and has left me a satisfied customer.
I've already taken some great pictures with it and the results so far are excellent.
I would probably rate this as more of camera for three types of people: beginners taking their first steps into photography, the everyday folk who want a cheap, reliable camera, and those that want quality without breaking the bank.
It fits easily into my bag, so I can take it with me anywhere, and it feels great in my hands when I'm taking photos.
So far I have encountered no problems, and hope to enjoy this product long into the future.
Very nice... pretty easy to use.
Is easy to bump the 'on/off' switch and change the mode without realizing it.
A minor inconvenience - picture quality is high.
Even in Auto mode with still shots the pictures are not clear.
On Action Freeze (for taking action shots) the photos taken indoors were so dark and noisy that they were deemed absolutely useless.
The video indoors is also dark and noisy.
The camera is bulky and the dial on the right top is always getting moved if you put it in your pocket.
Slow start up.
I Don't like the camera at all.
The 21 zoom is not worth the grainy photos.
Bad camera.
Not good enough for a kid to play with.
Takes good photos, tho I am still getting used to it.
Focus seems soft.
I do not use the wifi function, and had to buy something and download a new app to download photos to an iPad mini.
Not sure why it had such annoying compatibility issues.
Video function easy.
Easy in-camera cropping.
A bit heftier that the usual digital camera, but not sure the photos are all that much better.
This camera has nice features and effects for your pics, but the design is not the best.
Too uncomfortable to just carry on a pocket.
Night time picture are problematic my iphone captures better than his.
The came does not give any indicate that I should keep the flash light opened up.
If the flash light is is not opened it will not complain and takes shabby pictures.
Day time pictures are  coming out good.
Also the I liked the Zoom it has plenty of zoom better than my Nicon D40, I could capture pictures of my kids on the stage from far away.
Nice Camera
nice camera, I went on a cruise and wanted a camera with zoom and this did the trick.
Some other people using their cell phones missed out on the long shots
Super camera but too complicated.
Has so many features.
If you can figure it out, more power to you.
Great product!
Love the touchscreen function and 21x zoom!
I bought this Samsung 350 for my wife.
She mentioned a number of times that she just wanted a simple point and shoot instead of using the camera in her phone.
She complained that it was too much trouble to start up her phone, return to the home screen, locate the camera app, wait for it to start up, check to see if it was left in single shot or video mode, then take a photo.
All I wanted for her was a camera that would take good photos, and have WiFi to upload photos to Facebook.
I was quite surprised when i searched Amazon for user votes on the best point and shoot type cameras.
Surprised that Canon, Nikon, Sony, or one of the other long time camera brands didn't float to the top.
Rather this Samsung had the highest ratings.
I can see why.
The first question is does a camera take good photos.
This one does.
The results aren't DSLR quality, but they are very good for a small sensor compact camera.
This camera will produce very good 4 x 6&#34; prints for those who still use prints.
For photos and videos uploaded to Facebook or photo web sites it is great.
One of the strengths of this camera is it's connectivity.
It can connect with a smartphone through WiFi or NFC.
The main thing my wife wants to do is take photos and upload them to Facebook.
At home, or in a hotel, where there is WiFi that is no big challenge.
Connect the camera to the WiFi WiFi and use the built in Facebook feature.
Away from WiFi I found the easiest thing to do was turn on the phones Mobile Hot Spot feature.
Then connect the camera to the WiFi produced by the phone.
This was easier than transferring photos to the phone, finding the photo in some photo app, and uploading to Facebook.
When the camera top dial is set to WiFi the touch screen shows quite a few options.
There may be good reasons for each option but it seems overly complicated for a camera.
Most of them will be ignored in our case.
Taking photos and uploading them to Facebook doesn't require a lot of features or options.
The ability to see the camera's view from the smartphone and trigger the shutter from the smartphone is great, but I doubt we'll have many, or any, reasons to use that feature.
The camera has a ton of features, many of which I would make use of.
But Auto or P mode will be used 99% of the time.
The touch screen is so natural to use after years of experience with smart phones.
It makes me wish my DSLR had a touch screen.
The only negatives I can think of at this point is this is a heavy chunk of camera.
Also I wish it had GPS but I knew it didn't before I ordered it.
The bottom line is the camera takes good photos and videos, the touch screen and menus are easy to use, it has WiFi, and the long optical zoom is great.
Best camera I've had in a LONG time!
LOVE the excellent zoom, which comes in handy more often than you'd think.
I've had this for over 2 years, and it works perfectly.
I enjoy using the different modes, but generally just set it on AUTO and forget about it.
I love the small size and intuitive controls.
I use the timer often.
Picture quality is good, but not perfect.
I use photo-editing software anyway, so any shortcomings are easily overcome.
Too bad that I dropped it a few times, and now, alas, the old friend has gone senile - taking pictures without pressing the button, not taking pictures when I do press it.
Video mode is wonderful.
Good
it's exactly I'm looking for!
Thank you very much!
Love this camera.
Small but powerful!
Love the picture edit software, WI-FI to email, and Zoom.
Lovely product.
Item was exactly as described.
I am very happy with the transaction.
A++
I had some trouble when zooming in.
The image I wanted the camera to focus on was not what the camera selected.
A touch screen would tell the camera the correct image to focus on.
Like the touch screen on the i-phone.
Good  compact camera easy to use and does not weight much.
I am contacting Amazon to get my money back.
This camera is clearly advertised as a &#34;Smart Camera&#34; to share photos with other mobile devices easily.
The app that is supposed to facilitate that CRASHED AT LEAST TEN TIMES and consequently no photos could be shared.
I looked on other websites and found that many users had said the same thing.
This is the last time I will buy anything just based on the Amazon ratings.
It's not Amazon's fault--but this camera DOES NOT DO WHAT IT IS SUPPOSED TO DO DUE TO THE COMPLETELY INADEQUATE SHARING APP.
Also, the instructions for using the camera are practically non-existent; on the camera itself, the instructions for each setting disappear literally after one second so you can't read them!
I bought this camera specifically for a trip to Provence so that I could share photos with my phone and text them to my children and family.
What a huge disappointment.
I hope I get my money back.
Lens cover is flimsy and delicate.
Film like.
Awesome...
Great features, Love the ease of use, Got this for a parent that's not super tech savvy and the fact that there's a button for taking pictures and another for recording video is awesome!
Great point and shoot for the price.
This thing uploads photos wirelessly!
Let me say that again.
You can take photos and they go right to your computer, iPhone, or Facebook.
It's so easy it's almost scary.
Be careful what you snap and upload.
Ha!
I use this for vacations or field trips where I don't want to take my DSLR or give to my 6 year old to work on her photography skills.
It's cute too!
I love the vintage look and the video quality is great.
The product was described as having no damages except a small scratch, but the automatic cover does not open or close all the way.
I can easily push it down with my fingernail so it doesn't bother me.
Especially since this was offered at such a fantastic price.
Best Camera I have EVER had!
Superb.
Small, fit in small crossbody purse I had at Disney...and the photos are great.
Easy to use and better Zoom than my previous &#34;Big&#34; camera.
Will never buy anything but Samsung again!
Terrific camera.
Very compact very easy to carry
I took this camera to London, Paris, Istanbul, and Doha.
It performed wonderfully.
It does all of the basics well, and has some nice added features (like a pop up flash.)
This is the best camera I've ever owned in this price range.
Great little camera.
Very clear images.
Zoom is great.
This my second one exactly the same because my first one got wet (stupid me!!)
and stopped working.
Had to have exact same one because I liked it so much.
camera has many options...manual iso etc..am having a difficult time to just get plain video..but I highly recommend this Samsung..and I have not yet experienced about 90% of the variety...
Do love the instant cropping and take your time to get decent light etc.
Need to experiment a lot...
Wish battery purchases were listed w/it...
Excellent
Have had camera for some time now (well over a year).
DO NOT expect great pictures with auto setting, especially in less than best lighting situations.
It probably is unfair for me to rate this camera when I have not determined all of it functions and settings.
But with 170 pages to understand (got on net), even this supposedly simple camera is way too complicated for me to comprehend.
Sure, my old 35 millimeter camera could not do all this little camera can do, but it sure was simpler to take a good quality picture fairly quickly in low light situations.
So I guess I will try to prod along on with the instruction booklet (which of course does not come with the camera) on the net and try to figure out how it works and what I can do with it.
Very nice compact camera with a fantastic zoom!
No it does not take as good of pictures as our Nikon SLR camera.
However, the SLR stays home a lot while this little compact camera goes.
It fits in a pocket nicely.
It takes nice pictures.
And all the wireless transfer features are great too.
I can be at a location with no cell phone signal, and yet transfer a photo to another person's smartphone very easily.
Love it!
great camera with a really good zoom
Awesome camera  great pictures and features
liked very much
A great upgrade from my previous camera because it shoots WELL in low-light.
I'm sure it does some fancy things, but I am not one to play with every button.
I just wanted to aim and shoot and get a decent photo.
I put it on auto and don't have to worry is it macro, night time, etc.
Very easy to use without knowing all the functions.
I like that you can charge it the way you charge your phone-- I just plug the camera right in without removing the battery.
Charge seems to hold for quite a while.
One-touch video feature.
Flash is a pop-up, but it's been fine.
I have to manually choose the flash.
As long as there's enough light, the zoom shots are in focus, which wasn't always the case with my previous digital cameras.
This camera uses that tiny micro card, so you need to keep an adapter card handy if you want to view the pictures on the computer.
I suppose you can use a cable or even wi-fi, but I haven't tried any of that.
I like things very simple and this works great for me.
returned it due to bad photo quality ..
Love, love, love my camera!
I have had this camera since January and I cannot say enough about it.
Bought this to replace my old bulky camera that quit working.
One feature I have really appreciated is the ability to use my phone as a remote view finder.
We are a family of three and this allows us to have family pictures when it is just us.
I have also taken this camera with me more readily than I did my old camera.
Love it!
!
Excellent camera.
Good zoom for taking longer close up's.
We took a trip to Europe this spring and took around 600 photos, which all turned out great.
We took this on a trip to Italy and it was perfect.
We could pair it with our phone and take pictures together without having to do the back and forth with a timer.
Would recommend buying a kit for an extra battery and mini tripod as we found having 2 extra batteries was handy in the event you forget to charge one after heavy use.
Versatile.
Easy to use.
Excellent photos.
Love this camera, takes great pictures.
Only downfall is the flash sticking out the way it does, always makes me worry its gonna get broken off.. but so far, it has not.
The camera is great for both the highly technical person and a novice in the world of photography.
It offers a wealth of opportunities to grow ones  knowledge of great photography.
And a great price.
Came scratch free; Doesn't feel refubrished at all.
Picture Quality is quite good for the price, except that you get reddish pics in auto mode at night (but this can be adjusted in the manual shoot mode).
Another issue is that I'm unable to send pics to my Xiomi MI phone.
Love it everything I wanted in a small camera
its okay
Extremely clear picture and so easy to use for a point and shooter like me.
Worse than phone camera
Great camera.
My husband loves it!
Figured out that this camera that I received has a different product number... [ EC-WB350FBPDBPA ]...
It is a PA model not a US model..
The camera worked well for two months and then the following would happen: I would turn the camera on while set to wifi on the dial, then turned the camera to auto mode, and then the camera would flip though all of the screens and I was usually not able to take a picture.
Resetting the camera did not fix the issue.
Linking up with computers/tablets was hit and miss.
Sometimes it worked flawlessly and other times it did not work at all.
I felt the camera took some grainy/out of focus pictures in a night scene while others pictures taken at the same time were just fine.
I have had some great pictures with this camera but it has just not consistently run well.
There is a lot you can do with this camera but I have not had a chance to try all of it out.
Samsung's customer service was good and they had me send the camera back for repair under warranty.
In trying to fill out the warranty form, This camera's serial number is one that ends in PA not US...this camera is not a US model !!
!
Most all features are really nice, once I figured it out.
ONE FEATURE THAT IS MISREPRESENTED is recording @ 1080 yup sure does BUT only 20 minuets at a time.
Another PROBLEM is resolved by using EVO 48mbs chips, as &#34;Class 10&#34; chips give a message that the chip is not fast enough.
I bought the 64gb EVO 48mbp chip thinking that would resolve speed & recording time issues, kind of a waste of money for the extra space when I wanted the movie feature to be longer than JUST STACKING 20 minuet videos!
&#62;&#62;  It appears to have fixed the chip speed issue though.
just love this camera!!!
Yes!
all the features are great!
recommended!
great buy!
!
Haven't enjoyed it as much as I'ld like to, but this is and excellent little camera.
All Yours,
Rojak13
Fantastic camera.
This camera is wonderful, easy to use, takes excellent pictures, very clear pictures, easy learner curve, really adjust on its own, easy to program,easy to retrieve, battery last forever, you can take video's and the camera has a speaker so you can play back on your camera, easy, easy like a cannon like we had before, but definitely samsung product, heavy camera, but most good ones are, zoom is crazy good zooms massive zoom, big time zoom, not water proof, but we have not found a camera that is good at both, would definitely buy again, would definitely say buy camera you will not be disappointed.
I usually take 1,000 pics., and get 100 good ones, not with this camera, really fun to take pictures.
This review isn't going to be as detailed and eloquent as most reviews are.
But I am a big fan of this camera and recommend it highly.
I use it most often to take pictures of the birds and (unfortunately) squirrels at the feeders outside my window and it gives amazing quality.
The zoom (though I wish it were faster, which probably isn't possible) is awesome and enables me to get great shots.
I don't have the expertise or experience to leave a more informative review, but I am completely happy with the purchase of this camera.
we have many cameras but I was looking for one for my purse and light weight for on the go when the iPhone camera isn't good enough.
This camera is great!
It did take me some time to figure out the bells and whistles (there's a lot!).
One thing I'm not crazy about is where the flash is positioned; it gets in the way when you hold the camera a certain way.
This is an excellent camera!
The pictures are crystal clear and the camera is very easy to set up and use.
With all of the great reviews I fully expected to love this camera.
I'm not a camera buff at all, and don't know much about taking pictures, but this camera was disappointing.
In the auto mode it took really crappy pictures unless there was a bright light and the subject was inanimate.
I took some pictures of my baby niece and the color wasn't good at all.
The zoom lens was remarkable, wifi was great and the size of the camera was great, but the photos were better on my iPhone, so I sent it back.
I spent and extra $100 for the Nikon Coolpix P530 and am SO happy with the image quality.
Great camera!
It was a great little camera, until it recently started to have glitches with its software.
After taking one or two pictures, it starts to cycle through its settings and other camera options completely on its own, and I couldn't find any rhyme or reason as to this issue.
Samsung's webpage doesn't have any answer to a possible software issue, nor is there an update to address this problem.
The pictures I did take with it came out great, but now I have to power it off, power it back on, take a picture, then repeat the power cycle process because of this problem.
It could just be a random issue with just a handful of devices.
I've had this camera for several months and one international trip.
I'm very happy with it.
The size is convenient to carry while traveling.
Images are very good.
I have several other cameras but this is the go-to for family and travel shots.
I love this camera!!
Only con is how short the charging cable is, but it's the same charger that most phones have now, so easy fix!
I bought one of these for my wife when we were going to Europe.
She fell in love with the telephoto lens and I fell in love with the quality of the images.
Bought one for myself when we came back to the States.
Bought this for my son who wanted a camera other than what was on his cell phone.
It takes decent pictures and is easy to use.
He is not happy with the flash which has to be manually lifted out of the camera.
He's worried it will be broken off eventually.
It's easy to email or post pictures to his FB which are features he likes.
For the money it is a pretty good camera.
I wanted a compact travel camera for use for active vacation.
We had a trip to Hawaii.
This fit the bill.
It was small and light enough to carry around all day.
I purchase a neck strap and hug it from my neck when walking around.
I don’t like wrist straps.
At times I like to keep my hands free.
I didn’t want to carry around my larger Sony A58.
I also purchased a DiCAPack underwater case for it.
We planned on doing a lot of snorkeling and swimming.
The bag allowed me to use this same camera underwater as well as protect it from the sand on the beach.
I had two other cameras die due to sand getting into it in the past years.
It was tricky to use the bag with this camera, but it did work.
I got lots of great pictures underwater and pictures of us in the water.
Photos were excellent.
It has a touch focus and trigger.
Funny during one hike, while not paying attention to the camera it took a number of pictures while it bounces on my body.
Camera felt great in my hand.
Easy to hold and operate.
Back screen did scratch a little easy.
It is hard to see the screen in bright day light.
Having no view finder or adjustable screen is the tradeoff for a small camera like this.
Sensor is small, but worked well in bright light.
Low light was average.
My other cameras are mirrorless APS sensors.
Better sensitivity and image quality, but not something I would risk on the beach and in and out of the water.
Excellent camera.
Used it for my vacation to Rome.
Love the fact I could easily pair it with my Samsung Galaxy 6 to transfer photos.
Learning curve on operating it was easy
Loved the detail in the photos.
Not yet done testing but so far so good.
Camera takes nice photos.
Samsung software not especially useful.
It's pretty compact and easy to carry around with you.
Definitely leaps and bound better than my moto x camera or an iphone.
Haven't used it nearly as much as I'd like to.
The menu took a little while to get used to.
Still not sure I like that part of it.
Was great until screen began glitching out on me.
May have just been my camera though.
Love this camera.
Takes pictures really fast unlike a phone.
love the wifi also.
I own a Samsung phone, tablet and TV.
What I love about Samsung products is that they are very intuitive.
Within a few days I was taking excellent pictures and sending them to my phone and using the wifi.
Easy peasy.
If you're looking for a SLR, obviously this isn't the camera for you.
But if you want a good  camera that takes excellent quality pictures for a very reasonable price, This is a good choice!
Better than expected, easy to use,
Very good Camera
Nice camera
fine
Love this camera for the money.
Can't really beat it for the price.
While smartphone camera's are nice and convenient, they are awful when trying to get a picture of nature in the distance (i.e.
animals) as they lack the detail when you you have to crop the image down and digitally zoom.
The Optical Zoom on this enabled me to get crystal clear shots of Bald Eagles and Whales on my Alaska trip.
Try that with the best smartphone camera.
Why it says made in Israel on camera & made in China on box..?
Loved the photos very disappointed the flash button will not retract now and stays up all the time.
Very happy with this camera.
My husband loves it
didn't realize it does not have a view finder and there is a slight delay when pressing the button down to take a picture- I wish that was faster- it also is not compatible with an IPHONE- it should say this somewhere in their description but it does not- a little frustrating- but the pictures it takes are nice and it is small -easy to carry in your purse.
Received this and installed a Samsung brand 64gb Class 10 Micro SDXC up to 48mb/sec about a week ago.
Camera produce unrecognizable files when attempting to capture videos.
Worked part of the time on panorama shots, also producing unrecognizable files when it failed.
Would not connect with Android phone wifi remote for more than about 20 seconds at a time.
Very nice zoom.
Took wonderful stills.
Reformatted the memory card most of the times it suggested it, losing most of the captured stills, of course.
Filled out customer support request two days ago.
No response.
Returned the camera today.
Great pics, clear easy to use for noobs like me.
Love it.
Picked up this bad boy for $150 last year at Frys.
And wow, I can definitely say this is the best camera I've purchased hands down.
I bought the camera to document my time in Europe last Summer, not worrying much about the extra features, as I fixated on the great quality photos.
The touch screen is nifty, the NFC/WiFi/Bluetooth features are super convenient, and another thing that surprised me was the battery life.
I can't say how it compares to other cameras at the price range here (I'm still surprised I got it for $150, when, a year later, it's still at over $200), but I can say from personal experience that it hasn't let me down.
Bought this thinking it would take better pictures than an iPhone and it doesn't unfortunately.
Pictures are blurry in low light especially, but even in decent lighting it doesn't focus well.
The WIFI worked great to email or transfer pictures to iPhone and it has nice editing features that I would have enjoyed, so I wish it took better quality pictures but not worth the price- ended up returning it.
I bought this after it being listed as one of the best cameras of the year and it is a FANTASTIC little camera for the price!
There are so many features -- the oil painting effect is LOVELY!
Wifi -- fantastic!
Upload straight from the camera.
Bluetooth to the phone... so many features packed into a low priced camera.
Good camera.
Awesome photos.
Great camera--however, make sure you buy the MICRO memory card (not the one that is noted as &#34;often purchased&#34; with this camera).
Looks great--and the zoom capability is remarkable.
DON'T BUY SAMSUNG CAMERA  before you read this.
Buyer beware.
When you post your pictures on social media Samsung places a large, bold advertisement for the camera.
I was not aware of this before buying.
I contacted Samsung support.
They told me there was no way of disabling this &#34;feature&#34;.
I spoke with an executive office representative at Samsung with my complaint.
I  was told there is nothing Samsung would do about my complaint.
I am very unhappy with this purchase.
my dad loves it
Although I haven't used it that often just yet.
However, I am very impressed with picture quality.
Can't wait to take on vacation.
Very nice.
Worth the purchase.
Spectacular, great camera!
absolutely love it
Okay, Pretty sure my smart phone (Samsung Galaxy S6) takes better photos)
We're very happy with the quality of photos and videos; easy to use
The camera has never worked and every time I want to snap a picture, new screens come up and obstruct the snapping procedure.
Also, many times the picture does not snap and I can click tor time after time and nothing happens.
Would like to return it for  a simple point and shoot.
LIKE THIS CAMERA A LOT.
IT IS LIGHT WEIGHT AND DOES ALOT FOR AN INEXPENSE CAMERA.
I bought two of these for Christmas gifts for my grand girls.
They just love them.
They can send pix via wifi and mobile link right from the camera.
One of the best gifts I have ever given them.
I think I need to get one for myself.
Great and very beautiful pictures, sturdy camera, love how there's a wifi built in it as well.
It's lightweight and stylish, would bring this everywhere i go.
this is a good little camera
This camera is awesome!
This was a perfect camera to have on our vacation.
The size was perfect to drop in a bag or cargo pocket to have it easily accessible for quick pictures.
The quality of pictures is fantastic too!
All of our vacation pictures turned out great!
The zoom is also pretty awesome.
With a 21X zoom, I was able to take great pictures of areas we couldn't get too close to.
No regrets with this camera.
Loved everything about it!
My daughters also loved the look and feel of it with the white faux leather.
It feels good in your hands and cleans up easily.
I recommend it 100%!
Great camera...but does so much and didn't come with instructions.
Great camera and the ability to use my phone as a viewfinder opens up new possibilties.
Lots of shooting options plus in canera editing.
Nice and thin in the pocket as well.
Flash may be fragile but no problems so far.
Been awesome for the fledgling photographer daughter.
She loves it.
WiFi support is really limited.
I had hoped it would automatically synch with google drive, dropbox, or similar.
I could not get any of those options to work.
Good camera for the price, but don't buy it expecting it to work with photo sharing sites like your phone!
(Which it should!)
easy to use.
realy nice piturchers,battery life ok.
we are very happy with this camera, easy to use and great quality
Great camera and easy to use.
Still getting use to all the features and have taken it to Ecuador and Peru.
Battery life is great, only had to recharge once during my 8 days in Peru.
The zoom is great!
It's small and compact.
I love everything about it.
The clarity is fantastic!
This camera is so wonderful!
I used to use dslr cameras and more than my fair share of digital cameras.
After a while, I liked the convenience of my cell phone but it really sacrificed quality.
I got this camera on a whim because I want quality photos again.
The wi-fi is incredibly easy to connect to, the auto adjust mode is great for taking quick shots, and the touch screen is a bonus.
One of the biggest reasons for buying was how quickly it turns on and is ready to take shots.
When you're &#34;in&#34; the moment and want to capture it quickly, go with this camera.
Plenty of fun options to play with as well.
I love this camera, worth the money and the quality is great.
takes great pics!!
!
good pictures , not compatible with my Apple .
Great pocket camera.
I am very happy with the purchase.
One thing to keep in mind is that, the flash has a button to deploy, which is great.
However, in order dock it back in, it's a manual process.
Purchased a 32 GBs SD card for it.
Reading the reviews made me question if this was going to be a good camera,I was wrong too question the camera it is amazing and sense its no longer being made I got it on the cheap I am a samsung customer for almost all my electronics and are more then 90% happy with everything I have gotten from them but this camera is like nothing I have ever had my wife has DSLR'S nikon D800 its an awsome camera but its not a camera u take on a hike or camping or even on vacation but this camera alows me to have a great camera that is small and takes great pictures its trully hard to take a bad picture with this camera its idoit proof plus the built in wifi is Awsome!!!
!
Very good camera for travelling, I also have a Samsung Galaxy Camera 2 and was looking for something with similar functions and smaller size.
Somehow this WB350 camera fits my expectations, but I really miss the Android OS of its Galaxy sister.
I like the computer sync feature and sharing features but they are rudimentary.
The pictures are very good and I used the panoramic feature on several occasions with great results.
why does my samsung note 4 take better photos than this camera?
why did I get a camera for...too late to return now...bummer
Love the picture it takes... Just needs a quick guide that would explain in short detail what each function on the dial for operating the camera does!!
I still have problems knowing which one I need.
Thank you!
I had to return the first one I got due to a faulty lens.
The return was easy and I reordered the exact same.
It's easy to use, the quality is great and the wifi feature rocks.
Perfect size, great zoom, great battery life, and beautiful pictures.
Bummed it didn't come with the bag that was shown in the photos though :(.
1 GREAT CAMERA BUY 1
I think.
Have not been able to really learn how to work the camera as there are no written directions in English.
Will pursue acquiring those.
Also I asked for a blue camera and they sent a white one which will show dirt more easily, fingerprints etc.
This is a very nice camera.
The zooming capabilities are great compared to the other more expensive cameras I own.
I am still trying to figure out how to use all the different options but I am very pleased so far.
The Wi-Fi feature enabling you to instantly send pictures to a smart phone is also an added bonus!
Great camera!!
!
I like the camera but it did it work very well inside in a dark setting
Easy to use,takes great pictures.only problem that it is hard to take photos in sun light due to the lack of view finder
FANTASTIC!!!!!
I didn't expect for this little &#34;not so expensive&#34; camera to be so GREAT.
I was so surprised with its performance that I replaced my Nikon  D3200 with it.
I really liked my Nikon, BUT this camera is actually performing BETTER THAT my big camera which has 18-270mm on it.
GREAT PICTURES GREAT PERFORMANCE - WORTH EVERY PENNY!!
!
This was a gift for my wife for Mother's Day.
She loves the camera.
It takes great pictures and there is no delay like her older camera.
The zoom is great also.
The small size makes it great to carry with you.
great item, priced right.
Just still learning how to still work it.
But I just love the features.
No more wires.
Takes good pictures.
Love the 21X optical zoom and with the auto-link feature I turn the dial to wifi and it sends the pictures to my computer.
No wires needed.
Small enough to comfortably fit in cargo pants pocket.
The pics are not sharp.
They look hazy!
So returned the camera.
This camera connects directly to the WiFi router and so you can send pics directly to an email-ID.
I found this feature to be cool and lacking in all other cameras in this price range.
This wasn't my favourite camera in the world.
Yes it has a lot of functions and capabilities, but they're time consuming as you have to select options on the screen instead of through buttons.
(Even more time consuming than my large sony cybershot DSC F828; it's quite old).
The one thing that this camera exceeds in is the zoom.
The zoom is pretty spectacular.
I loved playing with it; up until I gave it to my mom.
I was expecting better quality photos at the 16.3MP than what came out.
The results were honestly really similar to my iPhone 4S; if I managed to get the settings right on the samsung camera.
A lot of people were bothered by the microchip but I wasn't.
I just thought it was cute, not inconvenient in anyway.
to summarize:
Liked: The ZOOM!
The body of the camera, the feeling that I got when taking a pic with this camera (that it would be better than normal -it never was).
That it was small and could easily fit into my tiny purse WITH my phone and other stuff.
The concept of the huge array of options/capabilities it can offer.
Playing with it's mini wifi thing (it creates a wifi zone or something that your phone or computer detects and connects to allowing you to transfer photos wirelessly)
Didn't like: Photo quality was not significantly better than my iPhone 4S pics( though it was better than my moms samsung phone -not sure which model she has, galaxy 3 something possibly), fiddling with it to get the correct lighting settings takes FOREVER (so you'll likely miss 'the moment').
Auto setting, it just never really came out how I wanted it, the iPhone does a better job with the auto setting in my opinion.
I can't comment on the video because I never took a video with this camera.
The samsung ppl say it was good, but there are so many things that are affecting the quality of digital photos/videos now, unless you're just looking at the RAW image, which I've never figured out how to do.
Good connectivity.
Average photo quality.
Slow focus and shutter speed.
Have only had for a short time now but love the idea of being able to send pics straight from the camera.
It actually sent pics faster than my phone service.
Pictures are clear and sharp and camera is pretty easy to use.
Have not yet had pictures printed from the camera so I reserved not giving it 5 stars due to this.
Got this for my 17 yr old son who lost his camera a year ago.
He picked this out.
He is super pleased with it and gets some very good shots.
I thought the zoom would be too big and pics might be poor quality - but no.
He has gotten several excellent shots at the really  high magnification and without a tripod.
Neat camera for the money.
Great pics and video.
Only thing I do not like is weight and ultra small size card.
It's an easy to use camera that takes excellent pictures.
I'm very pleased.
The single design drawback I've encountered is the mode dial on the top of the camera.
It turns much too easily, so while you think you've set a mode you're trying to work with, a light touch is all it takes to put you into another mode entirely, which you may not realize until you look at the pictures you thought you took but probably messed up because you may not have realized the dial spun from grazing it with your finger at some point.
Otherwise, wonderful camera.
I was really liking this camera..
BUT, it totally freezed up , it won't shut down properly.. of course,, this happens right after 30 return policy!
Love it!
Great Camera, very simple to use, awesome quality photos and the WiFi settings is easy and simple!
all you have to do is download an app to your phone and connect the camera to your phone with your WiFi settings on your phone and the pictures from your camera will send in seconds!
Love this camera and its a great price.
good stuff
I like it, but really just 3 and a half stars.
Transferring photos is a bit of a pain.
Disconnects a lot during transfer.
Doesn't work with a Iphone.
Good photo quality.
I purchase mainly from Amazon but this one I got from the big box store and paid considerably more.
I LOVE THIS CAMERA.
I own a Cannon but use this one more due to the size and convince.
It is so easy to use and the quality of the pictures are great.
WiFi on top of it all and the way I can zoom in and out with ease.
I own the Samsung Galaxy 5S and it works so well with my phone.
LOVE IT.
AWESOME camera!
The picture is so clear even fully zoomed in!
I actually bought this fir my daughter and will be purchasing another fir myself!
It has so many awesome features and settings and is the easiest camera I've ever seen as far as just getting to all of the settings.
The touch screen is so nice too!
awesome point in shoot!
Great buy, makes it easy to connect to wifi and email pictures!
perfect for my wife.
so far it is just what I wanted and much more, I mean its a very good camera, its just that I want a simple one, this has a lot of bells and whisles.
I bought this cameral just in time for my vacation in Cancun.
I love the zoom lens and the ease of operating this camera.
It's very user-friendly and takes great photos!
I also love the rechargeable battery aspect and it's good about holding a charge.
The built-in WiFi was a plus since I was able to load photos to social media, so that friends and family can see the pictures in real time.
It's a bit larger than most digital cameras, but I was able to fit it into my pocket and purse and it's retro look is a bonus.
There's a ton of features that I have yet to use, and I did download the user manual in its entirety.
I love this camera!
Really great camera.
Only wish it came with an actual in your hands manual.
This little camera does so much for the value you pay for.
I just wish it had come with clear instructions.
I am learning by trial and error.
Since I have teenager's in this tech savvy world they are a big help.
I highly recommend.
Nice camera at a good price.
I bought for my son in law.
He is very happy with it, and so am I.
Cannot get the app to upload to connect with my phone
Very front heavy.
Hello, after using this beauty for three months, I now take it everywhere!
I have three lumix set ups and the Wb350f helps make prep work faster.
Auto is fab.
Black and white is impressive and custom effects good fun!
What surprised me most was video.
This was of little interest until I used a tripod for a kids party.
When the zoom is used it works at just the right speed, focus is always sharp.
Use class 10 fast write cards and be amazed!
I use a brown leather case with the red camera option, it gets nice comments.
Thanks m.r.r.
I bought this camera for my daughter and she loves it, lots of tech stuff for a reasonable price.
It's OK.
Still haven't found a point and shoot camera with excellent clear (not noisy) pictures.
Very slow processing for low light pictures.
Hard to hold sometimes.
A very capable camera for the money.
Slim pocket size, great zoom at 21X and pretty quick at shooting and recovering.
It works well with my Samsung S4 as a remote viewer/operator.
Even zooms remotely.
Great camera!
Love this camera.
It works great for what I need.
Nice camera at a decent value.
Very pleased with the camera - so far.
A little confusing managing all the &#34;options&#34; - but great quality photos and love, love the zoom and the touch screen.
Also easy to transfer the photos into a laptop.
Hopefully the camera lasts a few years - as they many seem to be made to &#34;break down&#34; at some point.
I bought the camera for a trip around the world.
Not only does it take wonderful pictures, but the battery lasts a long time and it is very durable.
I really enjoy.
I will say though that my smart phone takes just as great pictures though... not a negative about the camera,  but maybe if you already have a smartphone, don't get a point and shoot.
Just got this camera and it appears to be very nice so far and received very within two days with Prime.
Good weight, nice size and easily handled.
I'll try to update as I use it.
On the bad side this is obviously a used returned camera and not new.
Camera is in good condition; however box had been opened, accessories not in bags (bags just loose) and battery installed.
Very disappointed in that as I don't normally buy refurbished, etc.
Will need to go online and find out what should have been in box so that I can check that everything was received.
Mostly concerned that it might not be a new battery.
Awesome camera!
I love having the capability to send pictures from my camera directly to my phone.
I went hiking with it and took pictures and was able to send them to my phone while still in the woods.
I bought this for my trip to the UK this summer and I know it'll be perfect.
I wanted something small enough to fit in my purse and also didn't run on AA or AAA batteries and this ticks off all my must haves!
I would definitely recommend this camera to anyone wanting a good, small camera.
Great camera and fast delivery
Wonderful camera
I love this camera, my only negative for it is I wish the battery life was longer.
I am thinking of trying to find an extra for trips that I plan to take lots of pictures.
Hard to keep auto focus on.
super awesome.
Bought for my girlfriend.
I used to hate taking pictures myself but now im taking shots anytime i can.
Seems very good but we did not try the wifi yet
Although the brand SAMSUNG is bad, this camera does a decent job for its price..
Cannot be compared to cannon and Nikon but has useful features such as Wifi
I love it, is a pretty camera, easy to carry, and have a lot of functions, i love the price And what offers
Not a big fan of this camera so far.
After a month of owning it, we still struggle to have it focus and it doesn't read settings well.
I have shot weddings for 4 years, so it's not a lack of being able to operate a camera, this is one that just isn't working well for my taste.
This camera is AWESOME!
I love the zoom in function, even though it's fully on zoom it still looks like its close up and not so blurry.
Love it!
Horrible.
As soon as I bought this camera dust was getting on the inside of the lens, the screen and lens were getting all kinds of junk adhered to it, the zoom was buggy and kept jittering forward or causing the camera to give me a notice about a malfunction and the cam needing to be shut down, and the zoom parts kept getting dust inside (causing the grinding and jittering and so errors perhaps), and on program mode whenever I took photos as night the photos came out blurry, NO MATTER WHAT I DID even when the camera was totally still.
FURTHER everytime you switch modes it gives you an annoying message that takes two seconds to go away till it changes modes, WHY?
WHY AM I FORCED TO VIEW THESE DUMB EXPLANATIONS AND LOSE THE SHOT I WANT?
I don't see why this camera is getting so many good reviews.
It's a basic cheap camera and should not be getting this amount of good reviews unless there's tons of bribes going on or a fluke of stupid amateurs who buy this thing for the first time.
And even using a microfiber cloth it's still hard to remove the stuff on the lens, AND the lens was soon scratched.
Forget this camera!
The smart mode is also not that smart as the flash causes the pics to become white washed.
I sent it back.
The instruction booklet was all in foreigh languages.
No English.
Very nice camera.
I do wish it was smaller
Good product.
After learning all the features, really really liking the camera...the auto setting has been a miracle, on Disney vacation with so many different environments......but the feature is the Wi-Fi, nfc.....take a pic, post right to facebook....definitely recommend..
This camera is a lettle bit heavy.
Otherwise, I have not enough time to expoite his capacity.
Thank you for a good sevice.
ok for money
I have not had the time for a full evaluation.
E mail worked, auto back up worked.
Touch screen worked.
Great to leave the battery in camera while charging.
A micro SD card is tiny.
A view finder would be so handy- as with other such cameras, screen barely visible in bright sunlight.
Okay, this camera has tons of glitzy features.
It's small and light yet takes great pictures.
Setting are extremely versatile, from fully automatic to entirely manual, with numerous presets.
Great.
But... the moment I opened the box I knew it had a serious flaw, and sure enough I was proved right the first day I used it.
The automatic lens cover is paper-thin metal leaves that interlock in an iris pattern.
Actually, they are THINNER than paper!
I turned it off to close the iris and carefully slipped it into my pocket when I needed both hands free, but it must have brushed a key or coin or something.
The iris was instantly and hopelessly bent out of alignment.
Now it needs help to open and shut.
If I forget to nudge it with my finger, the picture is half black.
This is such insanely poor design!
What is supposed to be protecting the lens is itself absurdly fragile.
And there does not appear to be any way to put a real lens cap over it to protect the iris.
Adding insult to injury, it now has a hair lodged BEHIND the lens where it impairs the photo but is completely inaccessible for removal.
Somehow, in the process of opening and closing or zooming, a hair must have worked its way between the telescoping levels of the lens.
So what good is an otherwise excellent, feature-rich camera when it has several basic flaws in its design that render it half broken on the first day of use??
?
love it- great for emailing pictures right away-- & very good zoom lens.-  Sometimes the picture says on the screen long after its been shut off.
Tried to do different things to shut it off but the battery gets drains- so I have to actually pull out the battery & then it goes off.
This has happened just a few times-- where the picture stays on.
Other than that it a perfect camera.
Awesome camera, everything I expected and more and delivery was on time.
Exactly what I needed and more.
I don't have a smart phone any more and I needed an updated point and shoot.
My previous camera was a Nikon that I purchased 4 years ago.
SLOW.
Ran out of battery fast.
This one is fast and keeps a charge for a long time.
Touch screen and HD video are added bonuses.
I didn't have high expectations or lots of needs and this camera gave me everything I wanted and so much more.
Nice Camera Easy to use
nice quality photos but can't upload to my iPad and am limited in my in-camera editing options.
This is my third Samsung WiFi camera and so far it's been awesome!
!
Excelente
This is seriously really good camera for a really good amount of money.
I didn't expect so good pictures that comes out of this little guy.
Highly recommending!
I wanted a smaller and easy to use camera rather than taking my big Nikon DSLR around.
This camera is cute and user friendly and the WIFI was easy to use.
I'm just used to my Nikon and it didn't really compare.
I think this would be good for someone younger or someone wanting a very easy snap and shoot type camera for vacations and stuff.
Love this camera!
Just big enough and the features are wonderful.
Haven't tried sending to my phone yet but love being able to send right to FB...  Don't hesitate to get this one.
Jo in WI
I like this and the pictures are great.
I love the way I can communicate to my Galaxy Note 4.
Very nice camera with very nice specs.
Still learning with this camera.
It's very user friendly for people like me that are not exactly photographers.
I'll probably never use the wifi feature, but I love the camera and what I've learned so far.
Absolutely love it!
Better than I expected.
Good camera for light duty.
It's a little more complicated then canon cameras - which are very intuitive- but gets the job done.
Nice feature is wide lens, which helps in my interior shots.
Overall it's a strong value at this price point.
We bought it white as it was another $30 cheaper.
Very good 'pocket' camera loaded with great features.
Plus bottom line takes great photos!
Couldn't pass up at $139
I can not be more proud of this wonderful point and shoot camera by Samsung
I have this camera in another color and purchased this one for my son.
They love theirs as much as I love mine.
Easy to use, great features, great quality pics.
Broke within six months, lenses will no longer close correctly
works nice!
I've been trying to learn how to use this.
Most of it is user friendly however I cannot connect to wifi nor send pictures as of now.
I'm thinking it's just user error.
We shall see.
It's certainly a quality camera and a good size for traveling without using up the battery in my iphone.
This is awesome.
Touch user interface is phenomenal and easy to use.
On the top of that, WiFi and NFC is so great.
Cell phone camera can't zoom and develop for photo framing.
Love it so far!!
!
Great product
Perfectly satisfied.
So happy I  got it.
I bought the camera just before taking our trip into the Amazon...
I got some really nice pictures and am very pleased with the size and the quality of pictures.
Very innovative
I had my eye on a camera of another brand when I found this one from Samsung.
Having owned many Samsung products in the past, including a Galaxy S5 phone, I knew I couldn't go wrong by picking the WB350F camera.
Samsung almost always packs their products with useful features!
The features that attracted me most were: high optical zoom range, wi-fi capability, ability to transfer pictures directly to a smartphone.
The other features were an added bonus.
I had a major event to shoot for, and the pictures I took with this camera were simply stunning.
The &#34;Smart Auto&#34; mode will take care of most situations.
The color resulting from pictures taken in this mode give more of a warm appearance, rather than the vivid, unnatural colors some may be used to.
If you're a semi-pro photographer, which I am not, you can choose the manual mode and adjust settings such as aperture, white balance, exposure, and ISO level.
I've seen other reviews talking about how this camera introduces noise in the pictures at low light levels.
I have noticed this, but it's not as bad as other cameras I've owned.
You get what you pay for, I guess.
If you download the Samsung Smart Camera app to your smartphone (your phone doesn't have to be a Samsung), you can transfer pictures directly to and from your phone.
But, you can also connect this camera directly to wi-fi, and send pictures and video directly to sites like Facebook, Dropbox, and YouTube.
Honestly, since I've owned the WB350F for only a week, I can't speak of all the excellent features and quality this has.
For the price I paid, I have no regrets about buying this camera.
I would recommend this camera to anyone who is not a professional photographer.
LOVE IT just wat I was looking for
Excellent value.
Takes very good pictures.
Settings are easy to get to.
Compact size.
Large touch screen.
Cool retro design.
Flash works reasonably well.
Definitely worthwhile choice for people looking for a good, compact point & shoot that gives excellent results.
Highly recommended.
If you want a easy to use pocket friendly camera.. get this!
!
Perfect camera
Eh.... Not so great.
I read the reviews and I got this camera but it is not as good as the reviews are.
Quality is rather mediocre.
My phone does better pictures.
it is exactly as described, so far so good, i love the panorama view (works just like the iphone panorama view)
Shipping was Fast!
I received this Item the next day after i ordered it.
Great all purpose camera.
My wife likes it.
I do find that some pictures are not as sharp as my other cameras.
Ohhhhh!!!!
I absolutely love this camera.
Mostly for its HD videos and very good resolution pictures.
The blue color is one of my favorites not to mention the rugged feeling it has which is quite a bonus as it doesn't slip easily.
Another simple reason why I so love this camera is because of the NFC making it easier to transfer pictures to my samsung phone without having to go through the other long and truely annoying processes of download.
It was a gift and it's great
Very unhappy with the camera.
Pictures are either washed out it very dark.
Setting are a joke as they are all but ineffective.
Vert sorry I replaced my older Samsung point and shoot
Product very much as described, on time delivery and works just perfect.
Does NOT work with DropBox.
I bought this camera because the idea of uploading images directly from the camera to DropBox was appealing.
It does not work and it is well-documented on the internet from other owners of this camera that the DropBox feature stopped working a few months ago.
Furthermore, the camera is heavy and isn't really a pocket type of Point & Shoot camera.
Poor documentation both in the box and on-line.
Also, I tried the Picasa upload feature, which was interesting but I don't prefer to use Picasa...
I just need to get the files into a cloud-based storage provider like DropBox.
Fail!
What a fun camera.
Primarily I was looking for a point and shoot that I could use to gradually transition into something more sophisticated and dynamic.
It is easy to use in the &#34;auto &#34; mode ,and very user friendly and intuitive when you begin to explore the manual settings for custom shots .
The wi fi system is flawless with my Samsung Galaxy Tab Pro and even with my Motorola MotoX.
The touch transfer also works easily and well with my MotoX.
Battery life is much better than anything I have ever had in a camera before , but I am carrying a spare just in case as they are not an off the shelf battery .
It looks and feels like a camera that should be much more expensive.
Highly recommend it.
great camera fantastic quality!
I bought this at the last minute before a trip to Orlando.
I love the features, good quality pictures, and not too large.
However, a few hundred pictures at Disney, the battery started complaining.
Best small camera I have ever owned.
Easy to use and the picture quality is fantastic
easy to operate, user friendly and takes awesome pics.....everything it was advertised to be and more.
Its everything in one.
I was looking to upgrade my Sony DSC-WX150 (2012) with something featuring wifi and mobile connectivity.
After doing my research, I decided on this camera to put head to head against my older camera (which still takes stunning pictures but is lacking in modern features).
I took both cameras around with me everywhere for a few days.
I snapped every type of picture I could want; nature, buildings, textures, backlit, front lit, macro, low light, practically no light - the whole gambit.
I set EVERYTHING to auto on both cameras.
I'm an auto shooter, after all.
Overall picture quality was similar between the cameras in good conditions.
The WB350F pictures definitely were a bit more washed out than the more natural colors of the Sony unit.
It wasn't always readily apparent, but when it was .. it WAS.
In low light, there was no comparison.
The WX150 took it hands down.
The WB350F photos were noisy.
The flash, while more flexible, washed out quickly where the WX150 always fired true.
This is not the camera for &#34;excellent picture quality&#34;.
It is &#34;good quality&#34; especially if you're going to shoot in normal conditions.
I however, end up shooting low light a LOT.
The WB350F has a lot of GREAT features.
The touchscreen was handy (pinch to zoom, panning) and the screen quality itself is better.
The 21x optical zoom actually worked very well - giving me access to subjects a lot farther away.
The WiFi worked amazingly well - as did connectivity to mobile.
The onboard sharing software left a lot to be desired; featuring only Facebook and Picasa (dead now, really - I couldn't even log in with Google two step authentication turned on) - along with their own cloud storage and basic email functions.
No Twitter.
No Google Photos.
No FTP.
No good resizing options; it autosized pics down for you.
If you're a VERY CASUAL camera user that finds most advanced point and shoot cameras difficult to operate, you may like the interface and button arrangement here.
If you're sticking with uploading web pictures to Facebook, this camera may work out for you.
You will suffer some picture quality in trade for all the easy features but a lot of people may just not notice.
If you're a camera user with some manual settings experience, you might be able to irk out a bit better imagery from this camera than the &#34;auto&#34; settings will allow.
One of the biggest cons (which some more expert users may find a &#34;pro&#34;) is the manual pop out flash.
I found the flash had popped out several times on its own rattling around inside my work bag.
It would have taken nothing to snap that flash right off of there.
I can't have that.
But, as some users have pointed out, the flash is manually tilt-able, allowing you to soften up the flash off the subject.
It is also just a tad big for a &#34;pocket camera&#34; - the Sony, Canon and other P&S cameras offer similar features with smaller size and lighter overall weight.
Yeah, you could PROBABLY get it in your pocket - but more likely you'll need a bag which lowers the &#34;grab and go&#34; nature of the point and shoot.
If you have a high quality smartphone, you may be able to take pictures almost as well as this camera in many situations.
Of course, you won't get the zoom or manual exposure.
This is a good compliment to a cheaper smartphone (or a dumb phone).
I would definitely consider looking at other similarly priced, higher rated cameras over this one.
My next stop is the Sony WX-350.
Nice camera.
Takes good pictures.
You can easily hide it in a pocket.
Love my camera..
Very nice..
Ten stars for styling.
This thing is a gorgeous work of art, and anybody who sees it Oooohs and Aaaaahs at its craftsmanship.
Rear touch screen is pretty fancy too.
Unfortunately, it's a little too fiddly for me, enabling features more easily than it should.
I'm a photographer, and I'd prefer to make my own choices than have a camera AI try to guess what I want and give it to me.
Once you're past the learning curve you shouldn't need, it works fine and takes good quality pics and video.
Pic quality is like VGA.
Very poor
Fabulous photos with 21X zoom at a great price.
Best feature for me is the ability to upload directly to social media sites via wifi.
Could also quickly transfer photos and videos directly to my Samsung phone.
Inexpensive and met all my expectations.
Bought it for my mother and she loves it.
Not crazy about camera...
It's good.
Shipper will send it without a memory micro SD card??
Be aware
Bought for gift,works great.
it is a a heavier camera and I wish it was a little more compact
I love this camera!
I bought the camera just before taking our trip into the Amazon...
I got some really nice pictures and am very pleased with the size and the quality of pictures.
excellent
camera takes great pictures.
Easy to operate.
Love it!!!!
!
Takes excellent features and is easy to use.
I bought it for someone who does not use a computer often; the wifi feature is excellent in allowing them to transfer photos with ease to their phone for sharing
I love it!!!
!
It's a great little camera; it's now my favorite!
Does an outstanding job and the photos and videos are great - Love it!
I also love how easy it is to upload to my email via the wifi function.
I have owned six Digital Cameras in the last 10 years.
This little jewel is way ahead of its competitors.
It is on steroids when compared to cameras costing $300 more.
I heartily recommend this great camera.
I am still on a learning curve as there are so many ways to use it.
However the macro and auto focus functions work great.
That tiny little SD card can hold up to 500+ phtos so forget about having extra cards.
Amazon offers a 12 volt plug i charger for use while traveling.
That is the only accessory you need to buy.
By the way, photo uploads take less time than it takes to read this review.
This is a super little camera and the picture quality is outstanding.
It also picks up sound really well.
I have to remember to turn down my speakers when I play back the videos.
It works well in low light.
I used it in a low light area of the aquarium the other day and was surprised at the quality of the playback.
Love this product.
So many choices when not set on automatic.
Love the video option.
Nice compact size, fits in pocket.
The finish is a nice shade of dark red and isn't slippery.
The &#34;send to device&#34; option is wonderful.
This small camera is what I was looking for glad that I bought it.
I bought this camera for upcoming travel after reading extensive reviews of several popular makes.
What sold me on this camera was its wifi and 'smart' capabilities, and powerful zoom lens.
I've just returned from a first trip using the SamsungWB350f, and can verify that the quality of photos was outstanding and the 21x zoom lens useful on so many occasions.
I am strictly an amateur photographer, so I appreciate technology and craftsmanship that can make my photos look good on Facebook and other photo sharing resources.
The one problem I experienced was not with the camera itself, but with a hotel's wifi connection that was apparently too weak to enable emailing of photos (the Facebook upload wouldn't work either).
When I stayed in another hotel, there was no problem with the wifi connection.
I have not yet tried to connect to my laptop with a USB cable, but that process seems straightforward.
This camera offers so many features that it will take me some time to learn and practice most of them, but in the meantime the auto shoot capabilities are more than adequate and I am happy with the purchase.
Photos attached: (1) The live oak avenue at the Boone Hall Plantation in Mt.
Pleasant, SC.
(2) same shot taken using panorama mode (3) Luna moth close-up daytime shot (4) Luna moth close-up nighttime shot.
Super easy to use and set up.
My wife loves the WiFi connectivity for uploading pictures.
Pretty good picture quality on the video too, which is a big bonus!
Just got it yesterday and so far, I love it!!!!
Seems to be built very well and it's attractive.
Also it's only about and inch wide except where the lens.
Very compact.
View screen is awesome!
Comes with wrist strap, battery and wall plug/usb.
Only downside was that the instructions were in every language BUT English in the first 3 or 4 pages in the instruction book.
Had to figure some things out on my own by the very tiny photos.
Great starter camera .
Takes amazing  photos
None of the wi fi features even worked,and the picture quality is not as good as the old Argus that  used to have.
Pretty easy to use if you know about technology
So far love the camera and the wifi connectivity.
was not for me
love it .
Telephoto shots are clearer than I expected.
Super clearity started using this always compare to iPhone :)
good camera.
it takes pictures.
Have been taking many pictures since receiving camera, some great, some not so good, have to remember to half click to focus before taking picture, downloaded manual which is big help, tiny memory stix.
Love this camera!
Takes great pictures...very easy to transfer photos to cell & computer.
Very easy to operate.
Nice, large lcd screen.
Just love it!
!
Excellent!
I'm not new to the world of technology!
This WB350F that I purchased for my mother has lots of problems!
The reason I bought it was because it has the ability to copy her photos to Google Photos without using the computer.
She's not very computer literate and I was hoping to make technology simple for her.
She's fine when just browsing around.
1 - If plugged in the computer to recharge, it can't be used.
The menu buttons don't do anything and the screen doesn't come on.
It can only exist as a storage device when plugged into the computer.
2 - When I configured it to connect to my home WIFI, it said it needed to be updated so I did that.
PROBLEM - It removed the Google Photos feature that was the whole reason I bought it in the first place.
It removed several other features as well.
The only feature that remains is uploading to Facebook which my mother doesn't care about (Mom is 80 years old).
3 - I installed the automatic update feature on my PC (new-ish i7 quad-core laptop).
I was impressed when I took a photo on the camera and wirelessly found and Auto Updated to the laptop.
PROBLEM - it didn't work the 2nd time I tried it.
Yes, I could debug it but that defeats the whole reason I bought the camera in the first place.
It takes nice photos but so do many other cameras.
I'm done messing with Samsung.
I'm returning this camera ASAP.
I purchased this as a graduation gift for my girlfriend, and she loves it!
It takes great landscaping pictures!
We have taken many many picture with this camera, especially on a skiing trip.
Took beautiful pictures of the mountains.
Love the touch screen!
It's easy to handle, very user friendly!
Do not buy camera if you read the Samsung info on product site.
Says it will directly load pics and video to FB and you tube.
Lies lies lies.
Just spent two hours on support.
Final Samsung answer is will load to fb but not to you tube.
So sorry!!!!!!!!
They now say you need to upgrade to ma more expensive model.
The did not care about there false advertising.
They admitted to it, but tough luck.
great pics
Good camera, found some features a bit confusing asit did not come with a manual.
Occasional a short delay on the shutter.
Camera is great when it works.
There is a problem with the camera and battery.
We thought it was a faulty battery so we bought 2 back up batteries.
Camera still doesn't work all the time.
We don't bother taking it anywhere anymore because we can't get it to work most of the time.
GREAT ITEM
This is actually a pretty good camera in some ways.
It takes very good photos.
I like the ability to touch an object on the view screen and have the camera focus on that object.
So, why the one star rating?
I bought this camera specifically for a vacation trip later this summer.
I was  looking for a camera with Wi-Fi capabilities so I could upload photos too the cloud daily and protect my images against loss or theft of the camera.
After receiving the camera I discovered I can only upload images to Facebook, Dropbox or One Drive.
The software will not allow access to other sites.
Two calls to customer support confirmed this is all the software is capable of doing.
I feel the camera is not capable of functioning as advertised.
I would recommend looking seriously  at competing Wi-Fi  cameras and staying clear of this one.
This was my 2nd camera ever owned, after my first one was stolen 8 years ago.
I got into photography, but didn't want to jump the gun and buy something like a DSLR so I did my research for a couple weeks and discovered that THIS exact CAMERA was the BEST ALL AROUND for what I was looking for in this price range.
Probably my favorite features of this camera were the Wi-Fi/Post straight to Facebook App and the ZOOM!
ITS FREAKIN INCREDIBLE HOW FAR I WAS ABLE TO ZOOM IN!
I zoomed in on a ship out in the ocean while at the beach and at full zoom you can actually see the ship pretty clearly!
I was blown away!
Another cool little feature is that in order to work the Flash, you must press the flash button on the camera and the Flash will Pop itself out of the camera.
To put flash back in its place, you gently push it back in and youll hear a click.
(see pictures below)
HIGHLY RECOMMEND FOR CAMERA LOVERS AND PHOTOGRAPHERS
Been using since November 29th, 2015
Black material is plastic, I believe, with a leather feel.
I really dont think its leather though.
Still really nice design!
CONS:
Memory Card and Card Adapter SOLD SEPARATELY!
I suggest the Samsung 32GB EVO Class 10 with Adapter.
I bought the card with adapter through Amazon as well!
ALSO:
Not a Con but I DO RECOMMEND a second charger for backup.
The battery lasts a good amount of time but its always safe to have a backup battery.
I recommend the SLB-10A Battery and Battery Charger for Samsung that you can buy on Amazon for 14.99$ The one I bought came with a Plug-in Wall Charger, a Car Charger, and the Backup Battery of course!
all that for 15$ is a no-brainer!
(Get a case too for traveling)
I found this camera on sale at Walmart for $89.99 and decided to give it a try because of all of the good reviews i read on multiple websites.
I am no photographer but i wanted something to take good photos of our family during important events like christmas, birthdays and vacations and this camera has been great.
Its nice and compact and has so many different options to choose from!
If you want a camera that doesnt break the bank but still takes nice photos, this is a great option.
I am 100% happy with mine :)
Good price for a very good camera.
Easy to use and carry on.
Great camera, for the price it's outstanding!!
!
the lack of an accelerator made reviewing photos taken with this camera very frustrating.
i ended up selling it and purchasing a different model.
When i first for this camera i thought it was amazing!
but now it spends most of its time freezing up and i end up using my phone camera instead.
And every time i try to connect it to my phone it has a total breakdown.
Now it's been too long to return so i'm pretty upset.
Like the wide angle
awesome camera.
great zoom&#62;
Fabulous for outdoor pictures and any area with good light.
The flash is pretty much useless... the light doesn't spread and the subject just looks white.
I love the wireless aspects and it is very easy to use.
I LOVE MY CAMERA!!!!
Works so well, I've had it for a year now and have not had one problem with it!!!
Highly recommend
I purchased this camera since I want to take very good quality pictures of our new baby.
The wi-fi enables me to quickly share the pictures with my family and even place them on the tv.
I still take pictures with my phone, but the quality is definitely better with this camera.
If you want to print the pictures afterwards, I do recommend it.
Really nice camera, great for video blogging and instagram.
Loving the camera so far!
Haven't been able to use all the features yet, but bought it to replace using an iphone for everything!
Very easy to use, crisp gorgeous quality.
My rating went from a four to a two.
A couple months after the warranty expired, the camera started changing modes on its own.
This makes it difficult not only to shoot, but to capture shots spontaneously.
Am no longer longer satisfied - a two rating.
I did chat with Customer Service and they sent me through some troubleshooting.
The technician had me take the battery out put it back in and restart.
That didn’t work so they guided me through resetting the camera.
This didn’t work either.
I am saddened to share this with you.
This is my first time purchasing a Samsung camera and I'm not sure I would feel confident buying another one.
Up until the camera malfunctioned, I would have rated it a four since it had been easy to use in &#34;Auto mode&#34; and took some wonderful shots.
The only shots it hadn't taken well were sunrise and sunset shots.
Hoping your experience is better than mine.
My smart phone does not take very good pics at all (sometimes blurry, sometimes pixel like), so I am really glad I purchased this camera.
Love the fact it takes great pics, for my use (not a professional, just someone who likes to vacation and take pics), its small enough for my needs, and my favorite of this is that it can upload to FaceBook using Wifi.
I could not be happier with this camera.
Small footprint, but loaded with features.
Really easy to operate and use the WiFi.
I can carry in my purse so I always have my camera at hand.
Great little camera
This was for my daughter and she says she likes it a lot .
I love this camera and everything about it!!
I'm going to be starting a YouTube channel very soon, once I get everything I need!!!
I'll be using this camera for all my videos!!
I love it!
I have a 3 year Plan on it, if it drops or break!!
!
Very nice and easy to operate,we love it.
Don't risk your memories on this disaster.
- 1 of 6 pictures will turn out.
If you take this on a special occasion, I hope you have a great memory because this won't help!
Love the camera!
Got it for the wife for v-day.
I found it 50 dollars cheaper at walmart.
Had to send mine back.
