This is truly a great camera.
I loved my Sony Nex 5N camera before but the menu system is so much superior on A6000.
The quality is absolutely superb however I am using top quality lens with it.
Worked brilliantly right out of the box!
The lens is not half bad for basics.
Love the amount that I am able to costomize the settings or leave it for the camera to do auto.
We purchased this Sony Alpha a6000 Digital Camera new through Amazon.
It was defective :(.
Sony customer service was really nice at problem solving with us and he determined that there is a microchip malfunction.
Very disappointing, but Amazon is shipping us a new item.
I hope when it comes in that we will love it and can change the one star rating.
Bought this camera for when my baby arrives so we can have some good quality pictures and so far testing the camera out with photos of our dog and a wedding we were at last weekend the quality of the images is amazing.
It's so nice to be able to send the photos to your phone also with the wifi.
It's easy to use and great for beginners who are not experienced with a cameras and their details.
did not like it , the quality wasn't all that and I could not figure out how to lift the back screen so that I can see myself when taking selfies so idk if this even does that , idk im a busy person and the directions werent that clear
This camera is absolutely amazing.
We bought a kit from Costco with two lenses (18-35 and 55-200).
Picture quality in all light conditions is simply stunning.
The feature set is not only comprehensive, but difficult to digest in a short amount of time.
AF is fast, smart AF tracking is amazing.
I agree with some of the professional photographer's reviews that this camera is just as good as many of the pro DSLRs, but is smaller.
Certainly not as rugged as some DSLRs.
I wish it had a touch screen, but other than that, it has all the features that I would ever need.
By-the-way: I had problems getting the panoramic feature to work, so did many people, judging by many posts on the Internet.
I finally figured it out: you need to sweep the camera all the way as the arrow on the screen shows you.
It can't stop at any point that you want, you need to go from the beginning to the end as the arrow indicates.
LOVED THE PRODUCT.
Takes FABULOUS pictures!
However, I did not love how my promotional interest was not actually applied on my amazon shopping card... make sure you check your statements carefully...
I just found out I've been paying $17 in interest in every month which I now have to put the time and energy into disputing.
Good product!
I can take clear pictures.love it.
Excellent camera!
Yep it's fun, Yep it lives up to all the hype .. Yep you should get one.
Loving this camera!
I've been an avid photographer all my life, I've had multiple 35mm, medium format, and DSLR cameras...love how small and portable this is but still feels substantial and well made.
I've had a blast using this, can toss in my purse and take everywhere with me.
So much easier than lugging a large camera and equipment around when it's not necessary but not sacrificing picture quality.
Can't say enough good things about it.
Bought it as a walk around / street unobtrusive option that can capture the interesting thing without drawing too much attention.
With the LA-ea4 adaptor It has all but replaced my A77.
This camera when paired with a sigma 60mm f2.8 lense is the best combination ever.
Took some amazingly super sharp photos with it.
fantastic camera
Bought this for my wife for her birthday and it takes just as good pics as my Cannon T3i (if not better) with a lens with similar focal length.
When it arrived, it was obviously a return.... completely functional, but no paperwork and no lens caps or a body cap.
It was replaced quickly with minimal hassle.
I applaud the seller and Amazon for that.
The camera its self is great and Sony hits another out of the park.
Thanks...!!
!
Bought this to upgrade from an original NEX5 we had purchased years ago.
The camera is compact and extremely powerful.
Add some lenses and you'll never need anything else.
Brought this on my trip to cancun, and it was phenomenal.
light and easy to carry around.
got my prime lens with it.
don't take my word for it, just look at my shots.
The Sony A6000 is everything I could have wanted in a camera as an amateur photographer.
The camera takes fantastic quality of pictures, gives the user as much or little control as they want, and is a very sturdy and strong quality of camera that can hold up to the abuse of moving to get the right photos.
Here are some of my main points from my use with the camera the last 2 months.
Price
Obviously everyone is interested in the price of the product.
I believe this camera is prices well for the amount of product you are getting.
Because it is a mirrorless camera, it can take pictures at a quality of a $1000+ DLSR for a lower price.
I Picked up this camera at Best Buy for $700 and did fork over the $180 for 3 years of Geek Squad to go with it.
Even though $880 is still a good chunk of money I have found the camera to be well worth it.
Ease of Use
The Sony A6000 setting will let more professional users have complete control of all settings, or will let the newest amateur have almost no control and auto all settings for still a very great picture.
I usually have the camera in full auto mode.
The only times I have placed the camera in any of the manual modes is for nighttime skyline and drag racing photos.
Picture Quality
This camera has a 24.3 megapixels and the pictures are great.
As long as I haven’t screwed things up from a camera control perspective, the photons always come out fantastic.
Obviously, post editing photos is something that any realistic photographer will do, but because the photos are so great coming out of the camera, there is usually very little for me to do.
For examples of photos that I have taken, please see my online portfolio: SSH-Photography.com
Cons
Very few cons with this camera.
But here are 2 that I have found while using the Sony A6000.
- Continuous shooting speed.
On this camera, for sports photos or fast moving nature photos, a fast shooting speed is necessary to get the shot you want.
Some more high end cameras and DSLRs will allow you to actually choose the number of photos per second.
This camera will allow you to choose from low, medium or high shooting speed.
The shooting speed of high is pretty fast, but what I noticed while at the drag racing track here in town is that even when shooting at a high speed with picture settings to JPEG the camera was just barely slower than I would have wanted.
Now, please note that the cars I was shooting were traveling at 250+ MPH and I was standing about 20 feet away, so the kind of photos I was getting were at the extreme end of sports shooting.
- Hot Shoe.
The hot shoe on the top of the camera works with almost all accessories, but for some reason some of those accessories do not lock in securely completely all the time.
If you notice the camera you will see the hot shoe is black compared to a Nikon or Cannon hot shoe.
Part of me wonders that in an effort to keep the camera esthetically pleasing SONY painted the hot shoe in a way that makes it difficult for accessories to lock in completely sometimes.
It has never been a major issue, but just something I noticed that I wish was just one more step towards perfect.
Recommendation
I would recommend this camera to any other individual who wanted to get into amateur photography that wanted a good quality camera for a price that is less than $1000.
As I learn more about taking photos and how to become a better photographer this camera allows me to take those next steps.
This camera is better than I could have imagined at first and only wish I had gotten started on this hobby a lot sooner.
Once again, if you would like to see some examples of photos that I have taken please visit my online portfolio: SSH-Photography.com
I loved this camera so much I bought the upgrade (a6300) the minute I saw the announcement.
Be aware that the learning curve is steep - this camera has massive amounts of features and compute power and to use it well is a big project.
And there are a whole bunch of annoyances - I have to be very careful not to change the ISO setting in using the rear control wheel for shutter speed, for example.
And yes the viewfinder shade falls off easily, and there are a bunch of other irritations.
For me they are all overmatched by 1) the lightness of the camera and 2) its *awesome* power to take fantastic pictures.
It really is.
Especially in low light.
Lastly the wi-fi implementation to upload to smartphone OR laptop works great and greatly facilitates posting to social media.
Now that it's cheaper its and even better deal.
Love the Sony E-Mount cameras.
This is my 3rd purchase of this line.
Previous owner of NEX-F3, NEX-6 and now A6000.
I purchased the camera to take some amazing pictures in Iceland.
I can't say that I'm avid photographer, but I've taken quite a lot of amazing shots.
I was really excited to take some killer shots with the camera, but wasn't impressed.
I kept the camera in Auto majority of the time with the occasional chance to play with settings in manual mode.
Most of my pictures, though they looked nice on the screen, were quite grainy when zoomed in on the computer.
I have used cheaper cameras in the past that have taken better pictures.
In fact, the pictures I was able to take using my Samsung Galaxy S6 edge came out the same or better.
My friend used her iPhone with similar results.
Perhaps I'm missing something here or didn't know about a setting that took grainy-mode off, but either way, out of the box, it didn't do what I needed, and that was to capture some great images.
Learning how to use.
Total novice.
I needed to purchase a lens, the body only option is useless apparently.
Its nice, lightweight, easy to hold.
But i still have alot to learn and play around with.
This camera is amazing!
It has everything your looking for in a small, nice size.
For beginners it is a little bit more difficult to use because there is so many settings.
Great camera I recommend getting this camera for video and photography!!
!
I love this camera about light weight and advanced technology though the focus is not as accurate as DSLR.
I live in Japan, but I bought this from US Amazon cause Sony cameras here in Japan come with Japanese menu only and oversee models (with other languages) are overprice.
That's so stupid of Sony but I appreciate their technologies.

Did tons of research before I bought this gem.
Was looking at Cannons and Nikon and the new Panasonic G7 that records in 4K but ultimately decided on this camera for its 179 focal points, fast auto focus and 11fps.
If you are looking for a compact mirrorless shooter look no further than the a6000, take the kit lens off put a sigma on it and let this thing rip you some photos that rival the big DSLR's.
I am a fairly experienced photographer currently using a Nikon full frame DSLR but I was looking for a camera that would give me quality images but wouldn't weigh so much.
I'm 5' 5&#34; female and carrying around all my gear can be arduous.
After researching several mirrorless cameras I decided on the Sony A6000 and I'm so glad I did!
Coupled with the Zeis 16-70 (24-105mm) lens, it is a perfect walk around companion.
My images are sharp and the colors are great.
Although I am basically an aperture and manual mode shooter, I found that the scene modes provided on the camera are pretty good and a lot of fun to use, especially the night shot mode that takes three exposures and blends them together.
I've used this several times in dark environments with no tripod and the composite images have been correctly exposed allowing for maximum manipulation possibilities in Lightroom/Photoshop.
I am so happy with the 'little guy' that I'm shopping for more lenses and a smaller tripod!
(I'm giving this 3 stars because my order was really bad.
The camera, I give 5 stars.)
The camera really amazes me, seriously.
I've been an avid DSLR user with photography and video for years now.
I've been keeping track with the mirrorless camera hype, but never decided to get one.
Now that I have, I understand completely.
The first time I used it, it felt odd.
Since I know what the manual controls on every camera do, it was fairly easy to adjust to the different layout style than Nikon or Canon.
But after I used it 1 time, I had to use it again.
I wanted to come back to it instead of my trusted Nikon DSLR.
I don't care for the kit lens because it seems a bit soft and the motorized zoom really drains the battery.
I purchased a Nikon F mount lens adapter and also a Pentax K mount adapter so I could use the lenses i'm used to.
After that, man, quality is outstanding with RAW format photos, as well as video.
Even though the video isn't 4K like your competing mirrorless camera, it's still great full HD.
So overall, if you're wanting to make a decision, get the camera unless you just HAVE to have full frame.
Just make sure you get an extra battery kit.
What was wrong with my order?
Well, I bought it new.
What came the first time was definitely NOT new.
I noticed it looked opened before and had dust all over it.
So, I took a photo to see the metadata and it had approximately 1,800 shutter actuations.
I was really bummed to have to do an order exchange, but it went better than I thought it would.
Amazon overnight shipped me a new one and I returned the old.
It was an easy return, but irritating experience.
Love my little camera
Very nice camera.
Delivered in time.
Suggest to buy bundle with kit lens and sel55210.
Awesome little camera!
Read the reviews, there is a reason its rated top notch.
Superb.
I love this camera.
Ive spent a week with it, coming from a Canon T2i, and I absolutely enjoy shooting with this
I am far from to top notch photographer, but have always enjoyed taking photos.
I decided to up my game a little and after much research went with the A6000 over the A6300 because I really didn't need 4K video, and have nothing I could use to watch it anyway!
This camera is very easy to use and takes excellent photos.
It has so many built in functions that I am still exploring to find them all.
One of the things I really appreciate is the size.
I bought an extra lens to use for my daughters' sports and musical performances, which adds to the size.
However, with the kit lens on it, it is small enough to put into a small case (Mirrorless Mover 5, in my case) and take with you to someplace like an amusement park without any inconvenience whatsoever.
I know this isn't something that a professional photographer would be concerned with, but someone who just wants a great camera handy for family photos, or the ability to take top level photos when the situation calls for it, will be very happy with this purchase.
I am a long time Canon shooter and serious hobbyist (sometimes freelancer as well) and I have turned up my nose at these little mirrorless systems for a long time.
How could this tiny little thing possibly hold a candle to my trusty 6D?
I recently picked one of these up with a Sony 20mm 2.8 prime just to have a camera to stick in my jacket pocket at festivals and when I don't want to lug around the beast.
Well, after an mere hour cruising around the block with this thing and taking crappy little potshots I have been won over.
If you haven't shot with a good EVF before, you don't know what you're missing out on.
Live histogram, exposure preview, live zebras for clipped areas, focus peeking, variable grid patterns, really, really good focus tracking (compared to my 6D) and tons of fps on top of it all (if that's your thing).
The hype is real, people.
That's all well and good, except hey, this is an APS-C camera, and while the EVF features are cool, when it really comes down to it I own a full frame for a reason: image quality.
Got the raw shots into Lightroom and I was blown away at the quality.
The 24mps of this sensor really do a great job at resolving detail, and the lens performed incredibly well.
Keep in mind here i'm used to shooting the 6D with the Canon 24-70 2.8 mark ii attached, or some other piece of L glass.
I don't mean to sound like some loaded snob here, just trying to put things in context.
We can skip the rest of the praise.
Long story short, my canon body and 24-70 are going on the open market to finance the switch over to Sony.
That decision was made in the span of a weekend, and I have absolutely no qualms about it.
I'm done waiting for Canon to come out with their mirrorless competitor.
If the A7ii anything like this little guy, I predict that i'm going to be a very happy photographer in the coming months.
Love the optics and most of the street photo results but the camera software and Sony web interface is a decade behind - its very slow and non-intuitive.
Lots of capability but won't automatically backup to Amazon Cloud nor most other photo storage (like my Samsung phone and camera do).
Wish they had copied Samsung interface and software.
Very happy item looked new works perfect and takes great photos.
Read and watched tons of reviews and compared it with similarly priced cameras.
This is my first &#34;semi serious&#34; camera, and I now love taking pictures!
Over a year, I have since purchased the SEL35F18 and SEL50F18 lenses, as well as off-camera flashes.
Solid purchase for anyone looking to start taking great pictures.
Camera is wonderful.
Small lens has already started jamming, contacting Sony for assistance.
Great camera, great value, the seller took the trouble to clean the sensor before shipping which was highly appreciated.
Got the camera in time for my India trip and made extensive use of it.
Good experience, would do business again.
Bought this during the thanksgiving bundle... and love it.
This is my first interchangeable lens camera and I am happy I choose A6000.
Compact and its lighter so easy to carry it around.
I was looking forward to the wireless transfer feature.
It turns out that it does not work on a macbook pro (strangely, it does work on other apple products with the same system).
Sony views this as Apple's fault and suggested I buy a different computer.
That is not the kind of customer service I am looking for.
I upgraded to this camera from an older model, so I was able to use my lenses I already had.
I absolutely LOVE this camera!
If you had a Sony Alpha before- this one will not disappoint.
It has the option to transfer photos to your computer or an app on your phone using wireless connection- which has saved me when I ran out of space on my memory card during a vacation.
It takes beautiful photos and videos.
I also like the new button they added to quickly switch to video or to rotate through the different modes without having to play with the digital screen.
Got this camera and returned it as it was different then the one in the picture.
The one I got is a little larger then the one pictured as well it had a view finder.
This is a model better then the one I had purchased however due to the $120 difference in cost I returned it for the a5100.
These Sony cameras are the best and take the greatest pictures.
I also own a Nikon D5300 with a ton of lenses, Nikon S9500, Canon Point and shoot, and none of them compare to the Sony a5100, in picture quality and ease of use.
The a6000 is a higher quality camera then the model I currently own.
I assume the pictures from it are most likely superior to the lower end model.
The a6000 is a larger camera by a small margin then the a5000 and a5100 and it has a few additional features.
Amazon Warehouse saved hundreds on this purchase.
You cannot go wrong with a Sony Alpha or NEX.
I bought this camera on January 16 through Amazon.
I started to have issues with the screen since I opened it.
I even opened a ticket to return the item to Amazon because I was seeing some weird lines on the screen.
While I was chatting with the support person from Amazon to return the camera, I turned it off for 1 minute and then turned it back on and the lines were gone so I closed the ticket and kept the camera.
This problem has escalated, Now the screen darkens to around 25% of the normal brightness and the lines are very very visible, this happens after around 30 seconds of turning it on.
I sent this case to Amazon on March 24 but they said they cannot change the item due to the fact that it was over 30 days after buying it.
This even after I specifically clarified that I had opened up an issue with them since day one, the camera obviously had some problems since the start that have escalated.
I am based in Colombia, South America and now I cannot get the camera repaired here, they say that Sony does not have global support por its prouducts so they would charge me (as much as the body costs brand new) to repair it.
For two days now Ive been trying to get a hold of Sony Support in the US to see how to send my camera, their phone support is just collapsed and I havent been able to speal to a human being.
Amazon pulled through and allowed me to return the item for a refund.
But Sony's support was really dissapointing.
Thanks amazon!
Incredible camera.
Focus is extremely fast.
Tremendous clarity.
I know it will happen; but, I would like to see Sony come out with more E mount long telephotos.
I also have a Nikon D7100 and resort to that camera for extreme telephoto.
C'mon Sony, between the A6000 and the A6300, gotta have more long telephotos Not really interested in adapters to get what I want.
Camera itself is great.
Great camera, I can use it with my other lenses.
PROS
---------
- Dynamic range is better than Canon's cameras; comparable to Nikon's cameras since Sony makes the sensors for most Nikon bodies.
- Better color accuracy than Canon cameras.
Canon sensors process the infamous and very slight red hue.
- Great continuous shooting rate: 11 frames per second!
- Portable
- Light
- Extremely fast autofocus speed.
Sony boasts the world's fastest auto-focus for their mirrorless lineup.
- High ISO performance rivals full frame cameras.
- Built-in wifi
- Built-in NFC
- Ability to directly install camera apps via Sony PlayMemories via wifi.
- View finder displays how photo will look depending on settings.
- Awesome video recording capabilities compared to Canon and Nikon
- In-camera HDR feature
- Articulating screen
CONS
---------
- Short battery life compared to traditional DSLR's (However, spare third party batteries are very affordable)
- Changing some settings seems to require a couple more steps compared to Canon and Nikon platforms
- NFC feature does not appear to work on iOS as of 3/2016; works perfectly on Android platform
- Sony PlayMemories mobile app is required for NFC transfers
- In-camera HDR feature only works when shooting in JPEG
- 1.5x crop factor compared to full frame cameras (explanation below)
PERSONAL TESTIMONIAL
-----------------------------------------
I vowed I'd never return to cropped sensor (APS-C) cameras after purchasing a Canon 6D full frame camera.
However, I did my research on the mirrorless platform, and I was sold on the Sony a6000, so much that I sold my Canon gear to fund the purchase of this camera body.
The weight difference between the 6D body and the a6000 body is like night and day, and my neck will thank me later.
Upon taking my first photos with the a6000, I instantly noticed the difference in color reproduction and dynamic range over my former camera.
Then, I tried continuous shooting and I was floored--11 frames per second, which now allows me to take much better action shots.
That, along with the a6000's extremely quick auto-focus resulted in some great photos of my daughter's very first soccer game.
High ISO performance on the a6000 rivals that of a full frame camera.
Now, it will be better on full frame, but the a6000 comes very close.
With my Canon APS-C cameras (t3, t4i, and 60D), noise level was quite prominent above ISO 1600.
With the a6000, photos at ISO 6400 are usable, and in some cases, even up to ISO 12,800.
The built-in wi-fi has been helpful in allowing me to download apps directly to my camera.
I've tested NFC on an Android phone, and it works perfectly (after downloading and installing the Sony PlayMemories mobile app).
However, I have been unsuccessful in getting it to work on my iPhone 6S.
I was never able to record acceptable video with my Canon bodies.
I soon learned that Canon DSLR's are notoriously awful at video recording.
I no longer have this issue with the a6000.
Its quick autofocus does wonders on video as much as it does on stills, and it can record at 1080p, 60 FPS.
The a6000 does have an in-camera HDR feature that's pretty decent, but since I mostly shoot RAW, I prefer shooting bracketed exposures and merge them later in post-processing as the in-camera HDR only works with JPEG's.
The camera's articulating screen also comes in very handy when shooting at extreme angles, although it cannot be flipped all the way out for selfies.
A smaller camera body obviously results in a smaller battery footprint.
Since the a6000 packs so much power in such a portable body, battery life is unexceptional.
The average battery life on the Canon 6D is rated at about 950 shots per charge, whereas the a6000 is rated at 310 shots on the view finder and 360 in live view.
Fortunately, third-party batteries for the a6000 are very inexpensive.
The trade-off was worth it in exchange for actual video recording ability, better quality photos, and significantly better continuous shooting speed.
Now for crop factor.
A full frame camera sensor is the same size as a 35 mm frame of film.
The Sony a6000's APS-C sensor is 1.5 times smaller, so photos will have a narrower field of view.
For example, a 14 mm lens on my Canon 6D has a 14 mm field of view since the 6D is a full frame camera.
On the a6000, the same 14 mm lens will actually give me a field of view equivalent to 21 mm on full frame (14 x 1.5).
Although the focal length is the same, the a6000's field of view will be tighter because of its smaller sensor size.
This is a disadvantage to some, but for me, it was another trade-off I was personally willing to make because of how awesome the a6000 is.
Just like I had no regrets buying the Canon 6D as it is a great camera in its own right, I have no regrets selling the 6D for the sake of adapting to the future of photography.
My a6000 is pumping out better quality images and performing nearly as good at high ISO than my former camera body.
I've yet to use it in more real world scenarios, but so far, I'm very impressed despite trading off battery life and crop factor.
For over half the price of my previous setup, I couldn't go wrong.
This is the perfect camera for the enthusiast and professional alike.
In the case of the Sony a6000, big things really do come in small packages.
My worst purchase on Amazon.com.
I bought a new Sony Alpha a6000 bundled with a lens from Sony fulfilled by Amazon Prime.
It was a Black Friday deal so I saved some.
When the camera arrived, it was obvious that it wasn't new.
There was no seal on the box, the camera had hair, finger prints and small scratches.
I called Amazon customer service and reported the problem.
I was offered to return it or replace it, but I would lose promotional value.
I have saved about $150 on the Black Friday deal, so I decided to keep the camera even though I was very disappointed as i was supposed to get a new camera for a good price, but instead I got a used one for a fair price.
Some time later, when I needed to use the camera, I realized that the camera was malfunctioning - the screen turns off whenever you are holding the camera at an angle sharper than 90 degrees.
It makes it very hard to use this camera, as the screen shuts down basically every time when I try to take a picture.
By the time I realized that the camera was malfunctioning, 30-day period was already over, so I am stuck with this purchase.
I don't understand why would Amazon send me a used camera, when I bought a new camera.
Upd: Since I wrote my review I learned that it is a software malfunction that makes my screen shut down.
Other users have experienced this problem and it does not seem to be a solution so far.
Attached are the pictures taken with my Sony Alpha a6000 with the lens it comes with.
The photos were adjusted in Adobe Lightroom.
Great camera.
Takes fabulous pictures
This camera is amazing.
I upgraded from a Nikon and love the fast shutter speed on this camera.
It captures great photos of my extremely quick toddlers who never seem to stop moving.
This is the best camera for the money.
For landscape, portrait and general shootings... (except for low light conditions vs other DSLR) this is the best camera I'd ever used; with so many in camera adjustment options the photos came out beautifully.
Although it take some times to get used to the camera, there's no other that I wanted better.
Love this camera!
Converted from Nikon DSLR.
The ability to see changes with the electronic viewfinder and focus zoom has really changed my abilities in photography.
Takes great photos with good glass.
Sold all my canon gear to switch over to Sony mirrorless and I won't be looking back any time soon.
I love this camera.
Make the switch.
You won't regret it.
One of the better cameras I've owned.
Went from a NEX-6 to this one.
Much nicer menus, very responsive, nice controls and layout.
As an interim camera before moving to a professional full frame camera you cannot beat the power for the price.
For my needs 24.1mp at 11 frames a second has allowed me to take incredible sports photography as well as amazing surreal fine art photography.
By running adapters you can use any number of old inexpensive glass to transform the look of your images without having to break the bank and the e glass designed for the camera tends to be on the less expensive side without sacrificing power.
daughter loves it
First of all i did not trusted at all for A Sony cam to be so good ..
I always thought th camera brands like Canon are the REAL deal ...
I'm not a professional photographer but this camera does a great job.
I just got back from a vacation, i played lill bit with t camera & I shoot some picts .
... mention that i used the standard  16-50mm lens with a UV filter on  & i improved t contrast from computer JUST a Lill bit @ the Grand Canion pict, the standard lent is not so sharp & hope u guys don't take it as cheating.
...
Anyway  rest of pictures are &#34;untouched&#34; .
I love this camera, the size is perfect it i not as bulky as the Nikon DSLR's.
I also love the color I have the white one and it looks very nice!
The picture quality is very nice, the pictures comes up very sharp and colorful, there is no need to edit.
Overall this camera is very good one of the best out there!
This is a great camera but has too many adjustments available.
The video quality is excellent, photos are good but not great.
Also the macro does not work that well.
But for the size it can't be beat by the competition!
I found this product to be a disappointment, shots are often blurred or simply don't look good.
I tried the Alpha A7 II and it was significantly better!
!
I've been through many cameras over the past few years and none has been &#34;it&#34; like this Alpha a6000.
It produces the closest images I've seen to professional quality from a compact camera.
The one area I find that competitors beat it though is in wi fi connection.
It's not nearly as smooth or intuitive as my OMD-EM10 was in pairing with my phone.
At the end of the day though, image quality is what matters here.
The a6000 is leagues above the a57, em10, and nex5 that I've owned in the past few years.
The interface is easy to learn and offers just the right amount of control without being too complicated for those of us that aren't pros with a need to tinker with everything.
I haven't explored all the options on this camera but I have taken some very nice pics with it.
Mainly portrait type photos, like family members.
I ordered this during a package sale and ordered just the camera and basic lens, bag, gift card and memory.
I also ordered a larger memory card and battery charger with 2 batteries.
I had second thoughts after placing the order, but before it had been shipped.
I tried to reach someone to ask about adding the zoom lens as well since I realized it was a bargain at only an additional $150 added to the package.
I could not reach anyone that spoke English well enough to understand my problem and my question, &#34;Was it an option to still add the zoom lens to the package and pay the difference for the upgraded package since that was a different package offered at the time I ordered it.&#34; After some explaining, I was afraid my current package was going to be canceled so I ended up stressing that the package I ordered was fine and I wanted no changes.
A little disappointing but the camera was in good shape and I think I will be very happy with it once I have had the opportunity to use it more.
The basic lens really has very little zoom so be aware of this if you order it.
My issue was more with the Amazon order modifying process than the actual item being reviewed.
Love, Love, LOVE!
I got this camera for Christmas and it is amazing.
The quality is some of the best I have seen.
I am not a professional photographer but this allows me to take great quality photos would definitely recommend to anyone looking to capture high quality images of life's special moments.
I purchased this camera in Nov 2015 however I have not used it too often.
After a few use lately, I found the battery would be exhausted if I left it in the camera for 3 to 5 days.
If I left it in there for a month and the better died, I wouldn't be so surprised.
I don't know if this is a common issue for this camera or just mine is defective.
I'm totally disappointed for this product.
I'm an experienced professional photog and designer.
At first let me preface this by saying that camera worked GREAT, picture quality was high, the high speed AF was really impressive.
However, after literally an hour of use, it craps out.
Right after snapping a shot it freezes and shows this error &#34;camera error, turn camera off and on.&#34; I follow directions, speak to customer support, etc.
Sony customer support says that I have send the camera in for service (takes 7-10 business days upon arrival of the facility).
I'm sorry no one has time for that, and in my particular case this was going to be used specifically for an upcoming trip.
Don't just take my word for it.
If you google the error, you'll find multiple people that encountered the same problem and in some cases it happened in the middle of their trip.
Luckily, I purchased this a few weeks ahead of time.
Don't let this happen to you, I recommend sticking to more reliable cameras manufactures such as Nikon and Canon.
For a brand new product, this is just unacceptable.
This was supposed to be a high-end, future of DSLR camera, and mine turned out to be cheap and defective.
Not satisfied with the quality of the photos.
Compared to my old Canon Power Shot, this camera has poor color capture and poor clarity.
I returned,because the lens doesn't work as should.
The a6000 is an amazing camera for the price.
The internet is replete with favorable accounts and reviews for this APC-S mirrorless gem, so I won't waste time recapping all the pluses well documented on the internet,
Excellent camera.
I think best crop sensor camera for the price range.
But, If u have the cash the a7ii is much better in terms of egonomics and features.
That said the sony a6300 has included some of features that i would have really liked to see in the a6000.
I love this camera.
It's cheap, gets the job done, and has advanced features you can't get on bodies 3 or 4x as expensive.
Biggest complaints: it's too small and feels unbalanced with big lenses on it, I hate that the lens selection is so terrible (this will improve over time) - it's leagues above my canon t5i and was about the same price.
I think the a6000 is the cheapest professional camera on the market - would definitely go Sony over any other brand.
The camera has tons of features: focus peaking, 11fps burst, built in wifi and an app, the best autofocus system on any camera except the new a6300, it's crazy fast and detects faces.
It will even focus on the eye closest to the camera - I would say if you're thinking about it - just pull the trigger.
No regrets.
First off!
THANK YOU Sony for releasing such an amazing product!
Okay so anyone looking to buy this camera let me tell you right now nothing compares to this camera even in a higher bracket EXCEPT for the newly so to be released  A7000 (not a replacement for this camera just a higher bracket camera with 4K video) the pictures I have taken with this camera even starting off as an amateur resorting to Youtube have been beyond impressive, I now have a canvas collection that I started for the house and everyone is always blow away that I have taken these photos, I am always being offered money for my canvas prints.
The date is 3/3/16 and this is still by far the best bang for the buck you can buy SPEND THE MONEY!
You will love this camera and how fun it is to tinker with, the community and support for this product is HUGE!
I have owned this camera for over a year and have much more expensive cameras and I consistently choose this camera in almost every situation then my higher end ones.
PS no longer a Canon fan boy.
Arrived in great condition!
So far really loving the camera and the innovation built into it.
I have a first gen nex 3 and also the nex-f3.
This is a a great step forward.
I`m not a professional photographer but this camera takes some very good pictures, don`t let the size fool you.
I recently took this camera on a trip to Italy and took it everywhere I went without being bothered by the weight of the camera and got some awesome pictures on the trip, I would highly recommend getting this camera.
You can also use old manual lenses from Minolta, Olympus, Nikon e.t.c.
with the fairly inexpensive adapters available so you can have some excellent  quality manual lenses for a fraction of the price.
I love it and would recommend it to family and friends.
This camera is with no doubt one the greatest bang for your buck you can get!
The sensor on it is unbelievable.
Look up some star time laps videos of this camera on youtube.
The photo I attached is one that was taken at 1am.
Coming from a casual / amateur photographer, this will not be a technical review.
I have had the camera for a little over a month, and have only used the stock lens (16-50mm power zoom).
This is my first upgrade from a simple P&S, and I cannot say enough good things about the Sony A6000.
I spent months researching DSLR & mirrorless cameras, looking for a good entry-level interchangeable lens camera.
I live outside the USA as an expat, so travel is a regular part of my life.
This camera is perfect for me; the mirrorless system makes it significantly more compact than entry-level DSLRs, and it is comparable, if not more capable, than nearly every other entry-level interchangeable lens camera.
Sony's software is good, and the hardware is exceptional.
The menu is fine, the camera feels great in hand, and it takes remarkable pictures.
The two dials make it easy to change settings on the fly.
Battry life seems great (&#34;seems,&#34; because I have no basis for comparrison), I have been getting 400+ shots on one charge, even with burst-mode and light/moderate photo reviewing.
Again, all of this has been with a stock lens (not a great lens, by any means).
I have a new lens waiting at home (international shipping is $$$) and I cannot wait for the upgrade!
One drawback to this line of cameras is the relatively limited selection of available lenses.
For my purposes, however, this will not be an issue.
If you are looking to get into the interchangeable lens game, stop looking.
this is the one.
This camera takes fantastic pictures, and for someone looking for a good starting point for mirrorless cameras this is probably the perfect camera.
It's got loads of features but does a great job on the automatic setting as well.
This is a no brainer compared to a point and shoot with a permanent lens.
I purchased this to take better pictures of friends and family than the sort of just OK stuff we were all getting with our phones.
I want to remember family events with great detail and maybe be able to capture frameable snapshots and a cellphone CMOS just doesn't cut it most of the time.
Fast, small, and easy!!
No more DSLR's for me, after the Canon EOS-M I was not happy with mirrorless, but the A6000 is a long way from the Canon.
Focus speed is much, much, much better, my only wich for the A6000 would be a touch screen for focus point.
I am a beginner and I love this camera so far!
I am a photographer by trade but I decided I needed a travel camera.
This thing fits the bill.
The only thing I don't love is how it performs in low light situations.
It seems to have trouble focusing.
Amazing camera well it is at least for me.
Bought this as my starter camera and ive been using it for about 2 weeks and I really like it.
I cant really compare it to any other cameras since its my first but its small, light weight and takes nicer pics than my cell phone camera.
It also receives a lot of compliments everywhere I take it out.
I uploaded a couple pictures I took using auto mode, I havent really had any time to try to learn how to shoot using the other settings.
Only thing that i do not like is the battery life but I bought a couple of spares for $20 and that works for me.
It was doing just fine till a &#34;friend&#34; backed off a bridge into the Colorado River.
She went to the hospital, the camera went to the trash.
very nice features - 11 frames per second, in camera HDR, lightweight and compact, facial recognition, awesome low light capabilities, very easy to use with no getting frustrated as i toggle between ISO, F-stops, and shutter speed.
Would like a higher flash sync of 1/200 sec instead of 1/160th.
Good update to Nex 7, though the build quality isn't nearly as good, solid, reliable feeling.
Focuses faster, better menu layout, but sometimes I wonder if the Nex 7 wouldn't have been plenty adequate.
Thing is, I like to get bird images and have the new Sony 70-200 for travel, when Canon mega-zoom is just too damn big.
So the A6000 makes the lens a 300/f4--not as functional as my 540mm equivalent Canon, but good enough when keeping things light, especially with 24mp for cropping.
Anyway, birds rarely stay still, so I figured if I'm going to use it for that purpose I need to upgrade from the Nex 7 for faster focus, so I did.
But...
I LOVE the Nex 7, love it's images, it's metal-based build quality, it's feel of solidity and reliability, and BTW I love its electronic level, which this one inexplicably lacks....and so I'm keeping at least one Nex 7 body, because otherwise I feel like I'll have lost something in the bargain.
So...clearly I'm conflicted, though I'll be keeping this camera, mainly for the birds.
And now I have to wonder: Was this actually a review, or more like a wail of confused anguish?
Probably yes and yes.
I guess my overall point is, this one has some necessary improvements, and I'm glad for that, but when a company &#34;updates&#34; a venerable oldie, the new version should be better than the oldie in every way.
The A6000 isn't--it's like you've swapped Indiana Jones for Brandon...umm, the Mummy guy.
But it'll do.
Cool camera, expensive tag, if your a casual photographer, stick with the smartphones because they still make good photos.
I'm a bit neurotic about big ticket items, so I research and try lots of things before I'm happy.
After trying out the Lumix, LX100, Fuji Xt1, Canon D5500, Ricoh GR, Lumix LX7 and Sony RX100, I've found a camera that I'm happy with.
In spades.
The images right out the camera as jpegs are stunning (maybe a bit over saturated and contrasty, but beautiful).
I shoot RAW and these files are clean and sharp.
This APS-C sensor is special, there's a certain look that's hard to describe but it has a pro-look to me.
Even with the kit lens (16-50mm f3.5-5.6) it performs well, including low light.
In fact, it blew the Lumix LX7 with its f1.4- 2.3 out of the water indoors without flash, due the lack of noise compared the Lumix.
Even images shot at 3200 ISO are usable.
Many of the pros at my local camera shop shoot with this (along with the a7 series full frames) due to the great autofocus and 11 fps machine gun continuous shooting capability.
The size is ideal, compact but not tiny so you have something to grab onto.
The contoured grip is perfect.
With the kit lens or a 50 mm f 1.8 (highly recommended), it can fit in a jacket pocket or purse.
Not so with bigger telephotos, though.
The EVF (electronic viewfinder) is bright and very handy, and one of the best reasons to go with a mirrorless system.
The focus peaking feature is great– it highlights what's in focus in red, yellow or whatever color you assign it.
There's also a full-time manual zoom override if you want.
Video is excellent, although not 4k but I prefer the 24 fps option this camera shoots, as it has a more cinematic look.
For the money, this is an unreal bargain (look for used from Amazon) and is on par with any APS-C sensor DSLRs (and some full-frames), it's that good.
Awesome camera = Probably Sony's best seller ever!
Love it
I absolutely love this camera!
It works great for the photography I do I didn't get the kit lens with it because of all the bad reviews for it so i instead got the sony SEL50F18/B f/1.8 to go with it and the pictures come out amazing.
I also use my kit lens from my sony a3000 on this and it works really great.
MOST AMAZING CAMERA I HAVE EVER HAD IN MY LIFE!!
So many options!
SO many accessories!!
Can get those hard to get pics when your working with a toddler lol
Nice camera, overall.
Very top notch pictures, with the right lenses.
It's got some significant downsides, though.
The EVF just isn't sharp enough to really nail manual focus.
Focus peaking does help, but a 1.4 mpx EVF just looks grainy these days.
I tried to convince myself it wasn't, but it was.
The focus digital zoom thing really wasn't helpful in all but the brightest light.
The other issue for me was the lens selection.
There's a bunch of nice but expensive Zeiss lenses, but most of them aren't stabilized, what's the point of a Zeiss without stabilizing it?
There are a number of nice stabilized primes for the camera, and they will take really great shots, but assume you're going to rely on autofocus with the EVF.
The 50 prime is an awesome portrait lens, and takes pictures almost on par with Zeiss, but stabilized.
The 30 macro is good for macro on a tripod, but that's it, as it's unstabilized.
The zoom selection, for many shooters, is quite mediocre.
The Zeiss zoom is nice, but pricey, and it is only F4.
For that kinda cash, I'd expect F2.8.
If you do indoor shots without flash, that stop makes a pretty big difference.
I tried the G 16-105, and while it takes nice pictures, it's also limited to F4, and I found myself hindered from taking nice indoor shots.
I also found hairline fractures starting on the camera body from the weight of that long lens.
Why would Sony build a camera body that couldn't take the weight of the lenses they make for it?
I ended up going over to the Olympus OMD-EM10 II, for the construction of the body, lens selection, and the INTERNAL STABILIZATION.
No more &#34;Oooh, that Zeiss Touit looks nice, but it's not stabilized...&#34;  Honestly, if the A6000 had just a smidge better EVF and a sensor shift stabilizer, I'd probably have stuck with it.
Having to deal with some lenses being stabilized, and some not is just too much for a camera in this day and age.
I don't miss the days of being unable to shoot handheld below 1/60, maybe 1/45.
I'll preface this by saying I'm new to photography as an actual art instead of just snapping photos with a phone.
So far, I am loving this camera.
I've had a little experience working with a Rebel T1i from a few years back that my fiance owns.
I feel like this easily takes as good of pictures as the stock kit that the Rebel comes with and this is more user friendly as well.
I feel that having the electric view finder versus the optical view finder is a big advantage to having a better idea of how a picture will come out before you actually take the photo.
It's similar to being able to see the exposure comp(which is still available on the Sony a6000), but instead you can adjust the settings until the photo looks like how you want it to look, instead of just trying to center the exposure.
This lets you focus not on whether its &#34;overexposed&#34; or &#34;underexposed&#34;, but more on whether the picture is coming out like you want it to.
It's also a lot smaller than the Rebel, not able-to-put-in-your-pocket small, but still a good deal smaller.
I think the biggest disadvantage it has is that since this is a newer camera type, the lenses are more expensive that say the Canon EF/EF-S or a Nikon F, but probably not too significantly.
Aside from that, probably one of the coolest features is the live feed you can get on your smartphone via the built in WiFi.
I've been working on some self portraits and it's been making it really easy to set up the shot.
Some real solid stuff here, Sony.
Great camera quality!!!!
Highly recommended
Love the camera but have not had the time to really play with it.
I will work it hard in the next few months but so far so good.
I have the Sony NEX-6 and bought the Alpha6000 so I'd have two similar cameras to do some weddings, gatherings, and any other photography I do without always changing lenses and fiddling around.
I love this camera.
It is everything the NEX-6 is and more.
Looks less well made than the NEX and is lighter but seems durable (I dropped it out of my bag accidentally).
The extra megapixels is huge for me as I live near the beach and want to start selling some of my landscape and wildlife shots.
It seems a little better than the NEX in low light and is a little more user friendly although mostly the same menu-wise, which I like.
I would probably give it a 4.5 if I could because I don't know if anything deserves 5 stars but it has delivered everything I have needed so far.
[...]  ...for my Sony Alpha shots.
I bought this camera as a bundle with the 55-210mm lens.
The pictures from the camera have been spectacular.
The multi point auto focus works great and focuses very quickly even in low light.
It is so easy to use that my 10 year old Nephew was able to take lots of sharp pictures.
There are all the advanced controls one would expect from an SLR without the bulk that goes along with it.
The Interchangeable lenses make it a perfect camera for someone who likes to take good pictures but is not at the level of wanting an SLR.
This camera is great.
It connects very easily to your phone with the smart remote app.
The pictures and video have amazing quality for the purpose of a family camera.
The camera is in a much smaller package which makes it easy to pack or carry.
Great product from Sony!
I got this item as used, and it looks COMPLETELY new in every way.
It was shipped from Amazon Warehouse, so if you get it used from somewhere else it may not be as good.
Been learning this camera for a while now, and while I'm still getting the hang of it, I have very high hopes.
Love this!
Just what I needed.
Great camera that takes superb photos.
It's smart so you don't have to be!
BOY I AM UNHAPPY.
I bought a Sony A6000 as a small carry camera.
Very disappointing!!!
The photographs are of average quality but that is what I kind of expected as I am accustomed to the high quality images of Nikon and Canon.
The video, WHO KNOWS, I cannot even download it to view let alone edit it to a common format and burn to DVD.
It seems to be a Sony proprietary format.
I have spent many hours looking for software that will convert it to a common format for editing and burning, So far no success!
I have the Sony Movie Studio Platinum 12 and it is not compatible.
I downloaded the Sony PlayMemoriesHome and it tells me it will not accept the format either.
This Sony software wants to control your whole system of video and photographs and that is NOT ACCEPTABLE as I use many types of software depending on the photograph type and content.
It burns up batteries and only takes between 50 to 75 photographs and I must change batteries.
If one leave the camera dormant for a few days, even though it was100% at the time, the battery has run done and you have to recharge it.
I have had a WZ8800,D90, D7100 and D600 Nikon (500 to 700 images between battery changes) and an EOS70D Canon, and I have a SX110-IS Canon, Kodak Playsport Zx3.
All of these are accepted by Windows 7 Media player for review and all can be converted to the format of my choice for burning to a DVD.
I have only had this camera and two lenses for 2 weeks and wish I could return it but I did not save cartons and Amazon wants that for return.
The Sony Engineers need to throw their toilet paper in their briefcase and leave town before they get tarred and feathered.
Sony Cameras are leaving a bad taste in my mouth!!!!
!
I've been a photographer for my entire lifetime and was excited to get the a6000 based on reviews.
This is my first and perhaps last Sony camera product I will own.
So far I have owned it for a month and I must say that I am disappointed with the camera.
The main issue is that instead of being an enhancement, the technology side of the camera is in your face, literally.
The issue here is the absolutely abysmal documentation.
All that comes with the camera is a poor quick start guide.
Maybe I am spoiled by my previous cameras, which have all been Canons.
Their documentation have been excellent even as their cameras became more electronic and complex.
The other issue is the stock lens.
They are disappointingly soft.
What I like about the Sony a6000 is its speed.
The shutter response and focusing are quick.
There's almost no shutter lag.
So far battery life has not been an issue.
It's light with the standard kit lens, but you will quickly get tired of the soft shots it produces.
I have an adapter ring for my Canon lens and they are notably sharper and have better contrast.
I also like the low noise at higher ISO settings.
There are many features to the camera but I am not qualified to write on them.
The terrible lack of documentation makes it impossible to master them.
I have never had this issue with a Canon camera.
The camera is laden with technology that pops up on the viewing screen when you least expect it.
There is no documentation on how to return to a clear viewfinder.
You get into an undesired mode and are stuck with it or dig yourself into a deeper hole as you try to undo the undesired setting.
Yes, I could make my own field manual, but that doesn't help me when I inadvertently hit the wrong button and get into an undesirable mode and lose the shot.
I want a factory printed field manual with a camera that I can refer to for special conditions one doesn't normally use.
One can not always tell what settings will be desired for a particular shot.
The shot may take a setting one tried out a year ago.
It should not take getting on a computer and doing a one hour search to refresh one's memory about how to take the shot, while the light totally changes and the shot is lost.
This is not a joyful experience which is what photography should and has been for me up until getting this camera.
One needs to have the internet near by just to learn the camera.
Try that in the mountains or in a remote location.
In addition, the stock kit lens are mediocre.
Don't waste your money on them unless the camera is just for casual shooting.
With everything that has been said about this camera, it is becoming pointless to rave further, especially now that Sony has  announced its successor, the a6300.
But I will say that as a Sony Alpha 900 user, pining for mirrorless but reluctant to &#34;step down&#34; to an APS-C sensor, I was immediately blown away by this camera.
The image quality is actually better than that of my old Alpha 900 (R.
I.
P.).
It has similar resolution, but better low light capability, better color, and better noise.
Yes, even the noise - when you can see it - is better!
Softer, rounder, more natural.
Seeing such beautiful images come from such a small camera has rekindled my passion for photography.
So if you are tempted by mirrorless, reluctant to move from full-frame to crop sensor, but can't afford an A7 - then I recommend going for the a6000 or its successor the a6300.
Their small size, incredible auto-focus, and after-market versatility make these little cameras a joy to use, and with image quality that can scarcely be believed.
Love the camera - takes great pictures.
Perfect size, fits nicely in my hand.
I'm an amature photographer and it took some time  to learn the various functions, however once you do it's easy to use.
Sometimes I can't even close it fully.
otherwise it's okay
My fourth digital camera over the years, obviously the most completely competent.
I mean, it is stunningly good at doing things that we had no idea we had to have even five years ago.
You're reading this because you're thinking of buying one?
In your search for info you should go to U Tube and search under the camera name...
TONS of top of the line pro reviews, etc.
Some are a pain to watch but most are very good.
I'll stress keeping &#34;what is right for your specific intended uses&#34; as what should be your underlying mantra while doing your pre purchase research.
For me...vacation/travel/family/image quality/value for investment/use of old lenses...were what was most important.
I got the silver body and kit lens, a nice bag, Wasabi charger and 2 batteries and an extra Sony 32 GB fast memory card for a stunning $550 just after New Year.
The camera is rated as best in class for a wide variety of functions and 'as good as' on most others...up against darn near anything.
Often out does current gear costing 3 - 4 times as much.
Jack of all trades...master of a bunch as well.
Nice.
Example: I have an OLD Olympus 50mm f1.2 prime and a classic Vivitar 70-200mm zoom of incredible quality...and I can use them via a $25 adaptor.
And they work WELL thanks to several of the a6000's unique focusing features making the required manual focus thing do-able.
I started out in the 70's with the fabulous Olympus Pen FT half frame I carried all over Viet Nam in my cargo pocket.
A roll of 36 got me 72 shots.
The lens was about 38-40mm f 1.2 as I recall...a stunner for resolution.
Now we do digital with Light room and memory cards and sensors and mega pixels and whatnot.
Sweet!
What a wonderful world.
And in that world there are very few cameras that will do that this camera does especially when it has good glass on it.
As a well rounded, vastly usable, bang for the buck camera, IMHO it's the king.
Love this camera.
Great response.
Great features.
Definitely recommended.
I've had my a6000 for several months now and have taken several thousand images with it.
I purchased it to replace my Canon t4i and am very satisfied with it.
I am amazed at how quickly I have gotten used to viewing and composing images using the digital screen rather than the electronic view finder.
This is something that was almost impossible to do with the Canon because of the slowness of the Live View feature in the Canon camera.
Image quality is great, even with the stock lens.
Videos are great as well.
I purchased this camera in anticipation of our first grand child and am very glad I did.
The fact that you can take 11 frames per second with focus tracking is very cool!
FABULOUS Camera!
Best Camera
Best camera in the class.
Takes time to master complicated menus.
Purchased this camera earlier this month to take indoor volleyball shots.
Excellent quality.
I used the sports action setting.
While not all shots in this setting freeze perfectly, at least 75% of them do.
That's better than my older DSLR Cannon.
Pricey camera but well worth it.
Absolutely in love with this camera.
Great size, high-res photos and ideal for low-light capabilities.
Wish there were more options for lenses but overall it is ideal for travel and professional-quality photography.
OMG I'm in love with this camera, especially after I got the 50 mm lens as a Christmas gift.
Awesome pictures I've taken many.
Amazing!
See ya Canon!
No one can really hold a candle to Sony's processors.
Image quality between this and my Canon gear is night and day.
Great images from a small, easy format.
I love everything about this camera but there are a few things that are bothering me quite a bit:
* You can't use the camera while it's plugged in.
I was anxious to use this camera for some extended time lapse, but you have to use a battery.
Which drains in an hour or two.
* Doesn't have GPS.
* WIFI and smartphone sync is kind of a pain to use, not convenient really at all.
That said, the quality is good, but I was disappointed in these things.
This camera is awesome.
My wife loves the NFC technology that allows you to just hold the camera up to your phone and automatically transfer whatever picture you're looking at on the camera to the phone.
This allows her to quickly upload a photo from the camera to Instagram (or whatever other social media).
(NOTE that this feature does not work with the iPhone--only Android is cool enough to make this functionality available to users :).
This DC is not what I was expecting, at least with the regular lens 18-56.
It improves a lot when using the other lens 56-200 but still not as good as a SLR cameras !
Great low light, great 4k image, great enhancement tools, great price, great size, really really fast snapping action, and great image transferring abilities.
This is a no brainer for any family or pro looking for portable high quality, results in your pocket!
the best compact camera around, rich in features and value for money.
Wish Sony could improve battery life
This camera delivered!
My first non point and shoot camera and it was easy to learn.
Took some amazing pictures while on vacation including pictures at dusk and fireworks.
Love it.
Plan on using it a lot
Eventually I'll want to get into using a camera 'properly', but for my purposes right now this camera is great!
Use it mostly for pictures of kids and I like that the IA mode does a zoom in as well, which means I don't have to edit the picture after.
It means a bit more deleting, but worth it for the good pictures.
This camera is incredible.
It's not expensive and for that price you get a lot a features that you wouldn't get in other cameras even paying a lot of money.
Sony is definitely the boss in this business.
Great camera worth every penny.
Bought this as a gift for my girlfriend to use on our vacations and it's been great so far.
Price was by far cheaper on amazon than at target and came with accessories.
At $400 for the body, this is my 3rd and most serious venture into mirrorless.
There's not much to say about this marvel, after more than a year on the market and many favorable reviews.
While not perfect, it's feature-packed and known for good still and video with fast focus, low noise, and good dynamic range.
I think this remains one of the best values in the digital mirrorless interchangeable lens market, even offering some features not yet found in the newer Sony FF models.
It's got a fast EVF with very little lag I can notice.
Mine shipped with the v2.00 firmware, which I think is the latest, and which also adds the newer &#34;XAVC S&#34; video format that is more efficient.
It charges via USB and an external charger is optional.
Drawing about 1.5A initially, and peaking at almost 2A 1.5 hours later (2193 mAh), mine charged to more than 90% in about 2.3 hours, to about 99% in 2.5 hours (2300 mAh).
I got the $200 Sigma 30mm f2.8 DN prime lens (Sony E) as my first lens, after seeing the Lavikka Photography review on YouTube.
They say the battery will not nearly last a day of heavy shooting, so be prepared.
This is my second Sony a6000.
It is an amazing camera.
I'm hopeful that a newer version will soon appear and I can have both.
I carried one of these around Europe last year and came back with hundreds of very good images.
Never pushed the limits with the previous one.
I never tried the facial recognition and eye focus, for example.
But I will now.
My only complaint is that Sony chose not to include a 3.5 mm microphone jack.
The only microphones input is through the multi-interface-shoe and it doesn't work well.
But for still photography it is a great camera and the video itself is good.
I really didn't get much time to use this camera as I am returning it.
The reason...the shutter noise is *very* loud and there's no real way to silence it.
I photograph live performances in theaters and the volume of this camera is not acceptable in single shot or burst mode.
If volume is not an issue for you, please still consider this camera.
I absolutely love this camera.
It has a very old-school 35mm feel to it (the weight balance is very satisfying), but an incredible range of modern functionality.
I also appreciate that it does not look flashy or obvious, which is ideal for staying low-key.
I would give this a 4.8 out of 5.
The camera can be a bit cumbersome to use due to the plethora of settings and options.
However, it takes phenomenal pictures.
I'm a complete amateur at photography (just started 2 weeks ago) and I already got the hang of this camera so don't be intimidated.
I recommend Tony Northrup's camera tutorial on YouTube as it will help you tremendously.
Forget your bulky DSLR and switch to mirror-less!
There are two things about the camera that bug me a bit.
The biggest one is that the display screen scratches very easily (like a credit card).
As soon as you buy this camera invest in a screen protector because the screen is easily scratched/scuffed.
The second thing is not that major, however, it does bother me.
The view finder is susceptible to debris falling in.
Since the view finder is recessed, cleaning it is quite difficult.
Debris and cleaning solution collect around the rim of the recess.
I wish Sony engineered this a bit better.
Also the rubber view finder piece has a strange texture (rubbery) and collects oil fairly easily.
Other than that, fantastic camera!
Photos are shot with Sigma Art DN f2.8 30mm
Looking at the trade-offs between cost, size, and performance, it might be impossible to beat this camera.
You can accomplish most of what you can with a much larger DSLR in a very small package, and at a decent price.
Image quality is great and there are a lot of lens options.
When shooting in continuous mode, the maximum 11 FPS is really amazing even when compared to much more expensive cameras.
Hauling around a DSLR isn't always the most attractive option and this camera is a great alternative.
WOW!
Far more noisy than I first expected!
Amazing!
Great camera with functions that most users may find tough to get used to.
I was surprised how well this camera performed.
I have been in photography all my life and have very impressed.
Just hope it can at least give me three years of good service.
Quick delivery, works as designed.
While a great camera, the full frame Sony felt more intuitive and &#34;me.&#34;
Fun camera
I am in love with my camera so much!!!
I use it for family gatherings and makeup videos/pictures.
It's absolutely perfect.
The quality it amazing!
Can't say enough good things about it.
This is the best camera.
This camera is fabulous.
As an amateur photographer, I decided to listen to some recommendations and give this a go.
So much better than my dslr!
Super easy to use, yet able to adjust fstop, iso, etc., Like I would with my Nikon.
I love how small it is, lightweight, gray for low light situations, and has a fabulous ability for fast paced picture events.
Love it!
A6000 takes fabulous pictures.
The drawback for this camera is the lack of lenses longer than 200mm so if you are a wildlife photographer this camera may not be the right choice
I didn't enjoy this camera, I'm used to my DSLR and the expensive lens I have invested in several years ago.
They take awesome pictures but of course they are heavy.
I just couldn't compromise the picture quality when I saw a different between them.
At least, not at this price range.
Bought this camera to be initially used as a point and shoot.
The kit lens is surprisingly good despite the critical reviews on the web.
Soon I found myself adapting my nikkor and minolta lenses.
The image quality is just so good and it encourages creativity.
This is definitely an enthusiast level camera.
Just wish that the sony lenses would be smaller and more affordable.
Can't say enough about this camera.
Researched it for a long time before purchase.
With the kit pancake lens it's like a big point and shoot (wife loves that).
With the manual lenses, turns into a near professional package.
I was using a Sony alpha 300 from 2008 or so.
This is an celebrate upgrade.
The auto-focus is very quick and I can fire off shots very quickly.
I use my finger to hold the flash towards the ceiling, which then works great as a bounce flash.
Also, if I wear cargo shorts I can fit the camera in my pocket.
I have been very happy with the kit lens as well.
If you want better, add the Zeiss prime lens.
Purchased locally before departing on a three month trip.
There's definitely a learning curve moving from a Nikon D7100 system -- but the small size and light weight make it totally worth it.
Using only the 16-50mm lens which makes this extremely small and light weight for the quality it delivers.
Great low light and nighttime capability.
The OLED viewfinder is fantastic.
Highly recommended.
A huge bargain with the one lens.
I've only begun to explore the capabilities of this camera.
The camera was purchased 8 months ago, but didn't have a real field trial until last month.
One of the best aspects of this camera is its size.
The camera tends not to stick out when being carried and used in travels to environments that may have personal safety concerns.
Favorite subjects are mass transit station art and architecture in low light conditions.
The camera size makes it a bit less conspicuous amid real security concerns most agencies have.
The small size also lends itself to camera stability for sharp focus at much longer shutter speeds than the heavier DSLR.
Internal noise reduction seemed to work well up to about 3200 ISO.
The resulting noise between 2500 and 4000 ISO is manageable with software.
Shooting in day light produced incredible color and noise-free photos.
The following comments will probably become invalid once full familiarity with the camera is developed.
Photo bracketing didn't stand up with the quality of photos delivered by the Canon T3i DSLR.
The bracket intervals are pre-defined and don't provide the control available with a sliding scale.
Bracketed photos from the DSLR produced more dynamic range in processing than those from the a6000.
Long exposure night photos from the DSLR appeared to have less noise before processing.
Expect a different review a year from now when using the camera becomes completely second nature.
The 11fps capability makes this a great action camera for sporting events.
The .
ARW raw file format can only be read on my computer using Adobe Lightroom.
Standard Windows software can't read the format to render thumbnails or open these files for viewing.
A more compatible raw format would be appreciated.
Built in GPS tagging would be a great option for future models developed for this line.
There is an an express menu function that can be used to select desired features that beats wading through all the options on the main menu.
Although I'm not ready to abandon the DSLR, this is a good purchase that will be more appreciated with continued use.
Takes great clear shots with a minimum of camera weight and fuss.
One drawback is that if you shoot in low light, there is a delay while the camera processes the image before you can take your next shot.
You can address this by using a multi-shot mode when necessary.
I got it with a 16-50 mm which is good for general use, and a 55 -210 which worked extremely well for long-distance wildlife photos on safari.
I am an enthusiastic amateur and don't use a lot of the more sophisticated features, but was very happy with the photos.
The most impressive thing is portrait mode - drop-dead crystal clear and beautiful!
The second most impressive thing is low-light condition - night scenes are no longer out of my reach!
I am sure I will find plenty of other features to recommend as well, but these are two things that delighted me time and again.
I own a videography business and I was previously using canon cameras.
I switched a few months ago to Sony a6000 and so glad I did.
Video quality, ease of use, and size is the reason for the switch.
Another big reason why I love the a6000 over Canon's....low light performance.
With the Canon's I could never go beyond 1600 because of the terrible noise.
With the a6000 I can shoot at 3200 iso and get less noise than the Canon's.
Oh, and I'm using EF canon mount lenses with cheap $20 adapters.
I can also use my older canon fd lenses and adapters with the a6000 and quality is amazing.
I recently added a speedbooster to use with my old canon glass, primarily the 50mm f1.4 and I basically have a full frame, f1.2 lens!!!
It's the zhongyi speedbooster fd to nex that I also bought here on Amazon.
The a6000 is a huge bang for my money.
The only con for me is the fact that Sony lenses are very expensive and small selection.
Still, I highly recommend the Sony a6000.
Bought as a gift for my husband, he loves it
Gave up photography years ago but often have wanted a camera at hand for special occasions.
The a6000 seemed like such a bargain for what it does, I could not resist.
Absolutely no regrets for taking the plunge.
It is a superb, thoroughly modern camera with capabilities that didn't exist when I used to shoot with my Leicaflex SL.
The automation, the quality, the instant gratification of wireless transfer, the adaptability with camera apps, make this little camera the equivalent of a NatGeo photographer's case full of 35mm camera bodies and lenses, an equivalent that fits in the palm of my hand.
(I bought my Leicaflex SL bodies and lenses from a NatGeo freelancer, still have one body and a 90mm lens, which will adapt to the a6000 with a converter to the E mount.)
The biggest thrill for me is that I can shoot like crazy and not worry about film and developing costs, those days are so long gone nobody young knows what I'm talking about.
HOWEVER, the camera eats batteries, so get a charger and a bunch of spares, and be aware that the battery drains slowly in the camera even when the camera is off.
The kit lens 16-50 mm didn't work when brand new right out of the box.
Way to create huge disappointment, on Christmas morning!!!!
Now i get to spend the next 2 or three weeks trying to get a working one from the supplier.
Really looking forward to that.
Sony A6000 Camera Review
 Over the past 40 years I've owned several Canon SLR and DSLR cameras along with a half dozen Canon lenses.
Until a year ago my favorite Canon camera and lens combination was a Canon 5D camera with a 24-105mm lens, with a combined weight of almost four pounds.
At age 86 I have a problem handling a camera that weighs that much.
So a year ago I decided to buy something smaller and lighter.
I purchased a Sony RX100(M3) &#34;pocket&#34; camera with a fixed, zoom lens.
The camera weighs 10 ounces including battery and memory card.
I can carry it in a pouch attached to my belt.
It has almost all of the features of my 5D and even some features that the 5D doesn't have.
It has solved my 5D's weight problem and the RX100(M3) has preformed very well for me as a substitute for the 5D.
However, I discovered that, because of its size, it has some limitations.
So a month ago to make up for those limitations I purchased a Sony A6000 camera with three prime lenses.
Since they complement each other I'm finding uses for both cameras.
The Sony A6000 is a &#34;big brother&#34; to the Sony LX100(M3).
Both are mirrorless cameras made by Sony.
Both have most of the same menus options along with similar control wheels and buttons.
The A6000 with a 35mm lens, battery and memory card weighs 18.6 ounces.
So it is not a &#34;pocket&#34; camera that can be carried in a pouch attached to my belt.
However, except for weight and size, the A6000 is a better camera.
And I purchased it, with three fast, prime lenses: 19MM, 35MM and 50MM, at an unbelievably low price for a camera and lenses of this quality.
These lenses are not equal in quality to the best Canon lenses but they are remarkably good and are much lighter.
So what is it about the A6000 camera that has impressed me the most?
- First of all the A6000 has an APS-C sensor that is three times the size of the 1 inch sensor in the RX100(M3).
The pixels in the sensor are larger and there are more of them.
Because of these features, I can shoot at an ISO of 3200 with very little signs of grain which I could not do with the RX100(M3).
So, among other things, it is great for low-light photography.
- The fixed zoom lens in the RX100(M3) is quite good, but the prime lenses that I purchased for the A6000 are better.
If I want to add lenses for the A6000, it has a variety of both zoom and prime lenses designed for it.
With the addition of an adaptor, even my Canon lenses will work with this camera.
- It has very fast focusing and rapid shooting which is required for action photography; the LX100(M3) is not as good for action photography.
- My major complaint with the LX100(M3) is that the electronic view finder does not work well in bright sunlight - at least not for me.
The A6000 EVF has performed beautifully for me in bright sunlight.
- The buttons are larger on the A6000.
- I like the built-in grip which the RX100(M3) does not have.
- Finally, I like the way the A6000 handles better than any of the other cameras I've  owned.
I have found it to be a joy to use and that it can produce images of excellent quality.
12/28/2015: In my earlier comments about this camera I failed mention the things I thought could be improved in the A6000 camera.
My only major complaint about this camera is that the NP-FW50 battery, that comes with the camera, runs out of power quickly.
I'm glad that I bought a second battery and a battery charger at the same time I bought the camera.
It would be nice if it had a better battery.
I've discovered that one thing you can do to conserve energy is to find  the &#34;Airplane Mode&#34; option, in the camera's Menu, and turn it ON.
It sounds contradictory but by doing this it turns the camera's WIFI signal OFF.
Otherwise the WIFI signal is using battery power all the time even when the camera is turned off.
The improvement in battery life won't be great but it will help conserve some battery power.
I turn the &#34;Airplane Mode&#34; OFF only when I need to use the camera's WIFI function.
Also I wish that Sony had more lenses to offer specifically designed for the A6000 camera.
Currently there are very few.
The expensive FE lenses designed for Sony's a7 full frame cameras will fit on the A6000.
However, a A6000 owner who buys an FE lens will be paying a lot of money for full frame features, and extra weight, that they don't really need.
Specifically I wish Sony would design one really good small, light weight, mid-range zoom lens for the A6000 camera.
I would like a lens that is faster and sharper than the Sony 16-50mm f3.5-5.6 lens that is the only zoom lens, in this range, that is specifically designed for the A6000.
I bought this and the 50mm lens separately and it was the best choice that I've made when it comes to cameras.
Do not buy the camera with the kit lens, it's known for distorting images and for it's lack of sharpness (what else do you expect from a kit lens?).
Do yourself a favor when you get this camera and buy a fixed 50mm lens.
It's great for portraits and just about anything else that you throw at it.
I've taken spectacular photos with this camera and the 50mm lens and I've received many compliments on my photos!
The camera is small and light enough to stuff into my backpack when I head to class so I'm ready to record any unexpected photo opportunities!
The 16-50 kit lens is a real stinker: not fast to focus, soft edges, no close focus.
Best when used in aperture priority at f8.
The instruction &#34;flyer&#34; that it comes with is useless.
I had higher hopes.
Perhaps with a better lens it will win me back.
Can I say this is one of the best purchases of my life?
I am not professional photographer at all, not even amateur photographer, I got this camera since I wanted to take nice pictures of our trip to Mexico, but definitely don't want to drag a big dslr with me.
This thing is cute and nice and sits just fine hanging from my neck.
I just got back from Mexico trip oh my this camera took some amazing pictures, beautiful beaches, amazing looking food, buildings, scenes, great picture quality.
Some of the pictures look quite professional to my eyes (obviously they are not, just to me since I don't have professionally trained picture eyes, but you know what I mean (; ).
There are different modes to use depending on what kind of scenes you want to use, I'm still learning how to use this properly, and for our Mexico trip, we mainly used intelligent auto /scene - landscape for any landscape scenes, and scene - portrait for any portrait, and scene - sports mode if I want to take pictures of sea guls or my boyfriend swimming, and at night I use scene - night portrait /hand-held twilight, it takes great pictures are dim-light restaurants.
I also tried to use the aperture modes if I want to close up shots and blur the background.
The lens it comes with is pretty basic but for a casual picture shooting at vacation, I really don't need ones with higher range of aperture/shutter speed so it works perfectly for me.
More than happy with this purchase and it makes me want to take more pictures and have an eye for beauty!
Although it took some nice photos, after using it for 3-4 days, I saw that it had started taking a lot of blurred photos, especially in an indoor party setting with suboptinal lighting.
I admit that I am a relative novice and didn't play with changing the ISO settings, etc but in the real world, you don't have time to change those settings when taking photos in a party situation or social gathering.
I was also not that impressed with the zoom (I had the bundle that included the 55-210 lens as well).
The video I took in an indoor setting (my kid playing the piano in a chapel for Christmas), didn't come out that great either.
When I played it full screen on a computer, I could see some graininess in the dark colors.
I had high expectations from this camera, but the blurred images is difficult to live with.
I am in the process of returning the camera and continue with my search for a good camera that would serve a beginner looking to get great photos in most settings,
Amazing camera - lightweight, super fast frames per second, excellent in low lighting.
Get your hands on a few old prime, manual focus lenses and you'll really learn how to use the A6000's many features fast.
The birds were a surprise shot i wasn't set up for, but still .
.
.
pretty cool.
Love this thing!
!
Love camera
See video on Amazon.com
  other than the picture quality, it is noisy camera!
I cant imagine that sony after all their products do such a silly mistake, that the hook of the shoulder strap is made of metal ( not coated), and is attached to another not coated metal part, yes it is strong but ruined all videos taken because f the noise of the metals together, the two sides are the same , every slightest movement caused that noise and is recorded and is very very loud when you watch the video!
this reason is enough for me to return the camera .
At last Sony has improved & simplified the settings and usefulness of menus.
Not perfect yet as there is still a plethora of menu items to search through on occasion - like where is &#34;Format&#34;.
Nevertheless, if the NEX7 is too complicated this is the current answer.
The camera itself appears very well made and has more features than most people will ever need.
My objection is that the manual is absolutely worthless.
There is no adequate documentation to assist one in learning the cameras many features.
Without a reasonable manual the learning curve is going to be steep and lengthy with many lost opportunities.
I am sort of willing to spend some time learning how to used the camera to the best of its features  but in hindsight probably would not have purchased it.
Just arrived.
Got a little confused about the instructions, but 5 stars anyway.
Good looking!
This camera is excellent for its price and I have no complaints so far.
The kit lens work just fine if you are a newbie like myself.
It is better to buy the bundle with both kit lenses since it gives greater variety.
However, it may be wiser to avoid the 50mm prime that Amazon is selling with this camera.
It provides a 75mm on the APS-C, and this is not clarified well.
Unless you have a full-range camera to use the 50mm prime on, you will not get the 'normal' length that the 50mm is supposed to give you.
As someone who has learnt from experience, I would advise to buy the camera body, two kit lenses and 30mm sigma (the cheaper version than Sony, which will give you the 'normal' focal length on this camera).
Love it!
Out of the box &#34;cannot recognize lens&#34; I'm in the process of replacement through amazon now.
Had this for 2 days and I love it.
Its small and simple to use.
I own the sony a7r so I have nice lens to compliment this camera.
I did it, I bought the Sony a6000 with the 16-55mm zoom and 50mm (fixed) for better portraits!
I read all the reviews and decided at my price-point, it would make sense to take a look at the competition who have incentive to provide bells and whistles that Canon/Nikon reserve for their high-end stuff.
Maybe next time if I can ever justify a higher investment, but I'm very happy with the Sony.
At 400 for the body now, seemed like a steal!
Here's the highlights (according to me) and why I settled on this camera vs. the T5i or D5500 from the big guys.
First of all, it's a mirrorless digital camera, which is a lot lighter and smaller!
As a hobbyist, I know I won't want to lug around a brick, and to be honest, it's already a struggle to carry with camera out since I'm so used to just taking pictures with my smartphone.
The 24 MP APS-C CMOS sensor, Hybrid AF with 179 phase-detection points, ISO 100-25600, shoots 11 FPS, and video at HD 1080 (24p) is amazing for this price, hands down!
It has Wifi and NFC to easily transfer images, and I have used this function a LOT.
No problems with it so far and easily detects my phone.
I do wish it had a touchscreen and mic jack, then it would be my dream camera and I would probably have to pay a lot more.
People have posted awesome pictures already, so I thought I would post some close-up pictures, as I know that was one of the things I was debating was whether to get a prime for macro/portraits.
I did end up getting the bundle with the 50mm fixed, but the kit lens does take decent macro-type images, at least for my needs!
Here are a few images I took of some boring household items so you can compare, note that there has been no editing, shooting in intelligent and aperature priority mode only.
These were at 50mm on optical zoom (the digital zoom goes up to 3x, not used below).
The pictures are a playing card, bamboo shoots, a towel, a dime, and grains of sugar.
[...]
Perfect
Love this camera.
Great size, shoots incredibly fast, and takes an amazing picture.
Forget heavy DSLR's, this is the camera you want!
I am an amateur photographer and camera enthusiast.
I own a Canon T3 with kit lens, Olympus OM-D E-M5 with kit lens and other better lenses, and Panasonic GH-2 (it uses the same lenses as the OM-D).
I have also owned a Nikon D3100 and D5100 with kit lens.
I just bought the Sony a6000 after hearing and reading so many great things about it.
I am disappointed.
I took it out for a spin and took about 200 photos with the kit lens at night at Walt Disney World.
Out of all the cameras mentioned above with the kit lens, this camera has taken the worst photos.
I had the camera set to standard creative style with increased sharpness and saturation.
The photos mostly came out dull or even slightly blurry.
I have focus set to AF-S and always picked my focal point.
I was shooting mostly at 1/15 to 1/30 exposure, ISO 3200, F5.6 or 6.3.
I was very disappointed with the results.
Maybe it is the kit lens that is the problem; I don't have any other Sony lenses to test it.
I even did a few shots sitting the camera on steady railings at 5 seconds, F11, ISO 200, same as tripod (used 2 second delay to avoid shaking the camera myself).
Still not sharp.
As for video, I was disappointed b/c you can only shoot MP4 at a low bit rate and not 1920 x 1080.
The AVCHD videos at 1080 24p looked pretty good, but the stabilization is terrible.
You cannot shoot video handheld with this camera if you want to avoid a lot of shake.
Out of the cameras I shoot with, the only camera that takes ultra sharp photos with the kit lens at night at ISO 3200 - 5000 is the OM-D.  With the OM-D I can shoot up to 1 second exposures handheld and they are sharp.
I usually shoot around 1/5 to 1/8 exposure and it is ultra sharp; same as using a tripod.
The OM-D is simply leaps and bounds above all of the other cameras I have shot with handheld in low light.
The only thing that has come close is the Nikon D5100 with the Nikon 35mm F 1.8.
That's an amazing lens for the price, but it is not stabilized.
The Canon T3 takes really sharp shots on a tripod at night, but not as great handheld at higher ISOs.
The GH-2 takes amazing video, but also has bad stabilization when shooting video handheld.
The OM-D image stabilization when shooting video is incomparable.
It is like walking around with a merlin steadicam.
I don't know why I keep trying to find a camera to outdo my OM-D, I guess I just like trying out new cameras to see if something can outperform it.
Sorry, Sony, you are not yet there.
Fortunately I am still in the return period on the Sony, so it's not all bad.
Great camera, well built and outstanding picture quality, couldn't be happier.
Great camera and a great price.
I already have one and got this for the wife
I like it!
I tried to take some pictures as soon as it arrived.
The color is amazing.
There are so much functions both can be auto or manual depending on different scenery and time period.
I think it will cost me more time to learn from it.
BTW, the black on is awesome!
White will be dirty easily I think.
This camera rocks!
I was looking for something very portable to have on hand when I didn't want to carry my Canon DSLR.
I assumed, I'd have to give up image quality and features.
After a few weeks with the a6000, I'm putting by Canon on Ebay!
It's everything that a T6i offers and more in a tiny package.
One note, I was told that I could use my canon lenses with an adapter.
I purchased the adapter, and it does work, but the auto focus is painfully slow and the &#34;digital zoom manual focus&#34; does not work.
This isn't a ding on the camera, but you may want to consider that when figuring how much the &#34;upgrade&#34; will cost.
So for this camera had taken beautiful pictures.
I like the fact that I can get better photos in low light.
Great that this takes FE lens.
I will upgrade to an A7 series... but then again I am enjoying this camera and may just stick with it.
Unreliable.
Finicky.
Terrible user interface.
Unintuitive.
Glitchy.
Okay photos are not worth the trouble on this one.
It broke on our honeymoon in Thailand leaving us with nothing to take pictures of the beautiful scenery.
Yes, Amazon will replace it but where will I be when it decides to fail again?
A couple of its worst shortcomings:
*Battery life: absolutely horrendous.
I took about 20 pictures and a couple of videos each under a minute and the battery died.
I was only halfway through my day out.
Missed amazing footage of ruins and monkeys while the useless camera sat in my bag dead.
* Glitchy- stopped working completely
Went to use the camera and got the following error message: &#34;Cannot recognize lens.
Attach it properly&#34; Oh really, Sony?!!!
You made the lens!
You attach it properly!
I'm pretty tech-savvy so I hunted around online and found nothing but unhappy customers and terrible support from Sony (I.e.
Turn camera off, remove lens, replace lens, turn camera back on.
Really?!
I never thought of trying that!
Useless!).
I also noted that Sony charged their customers over $100 for repairing this issue.
Using something fewer than 10 times and then paying the company to make it right??
*My last major issue is the wifi.
It's certainly not a big deal compared to the battery life and/or not recognizing it's own lens and not working at all, but it was still a disappointment.
Wifi is not a simple interface.
You will need to download the Sony app.
Read the reviews on the app- I believe when I last checked it had 2 stars.
So first you download the app and then you need to get both your phone and the camera on the same wifi network.
This seems simple but it took ages because of how glitchy it was being.
Once you've connected once it will be easier but it's still a cumbersome process.
Turn on camera, navigate to share photos, select send to camera, select choose photos from camera, go to camera, go to wifi settings, change to the camera's local wifi network, then go to the app on your phone, select photos to download, download.
Can I do all this?
Sure.
It's just a little annoying.
If my camera hadn't decided to stop working altogether I would have put up with the clunky interface, but I don't have a lot of choice now.
Photo is from my iPhone to show what a great view I missed thanks to this camera.
Thanks Sony!
As we got older, DH and I were sick of carrying our old Nikon digital SLR since it was so heavy even with the basic kit lens.
I could barely hold the body!
Then we discovered the a6000 at costco and bought it.
Finally an advanced camera I can carry and use!
Only half the weight yet 4 times pixel count and super fast auto focus.
(Power on, tho, is a bit slow..) The printed manual sucks.
The online help guide is 470 pages of PDF and sucks even more.
But the camera itself is amazing!
I just use Intelligent Auto and the image quality indoors and outdoors is the best I have seen.
The camera has like a billion functions and settings; I'm gonna to stick with auto.
Can't even figure out what this Superior Auto aka Intelligent Auto Plus does!
But I've taken great portraits, street scenes and night scenes in the past few days.
The image clarity and color balance are A+!
Beats our Nikon and all other compacts!
1080p video is excellent too and the audio is loud!
(So don't whisper things you don't want your audience to hear!)
While I'll still be shooting most of the time with my iPhone 6s, any time one of us can carry the camera bag we're gonna bring this baby along.
It's the best!
I just wish the people at Sony had written a half-decent English manual for this powerful camera.
Works very well as a normal as well as professional camera, the design was great too.
I only have problem with the On/Off button, it doesn't work very well somehow
The versatility is amazing!!!
The compact size of this with the amazing low light capabilities make this a must have camera.
I love the ability to use cheap adapters to connect legacy lenses.
I was able to get a camera body and 6 lens(with adapters) for the cost of a Canon full frame body.
This is a no brainer.
I was excited to received the packaged when it arrived at the front door.
I was disappointed upon opening the package to find out the camera was a &#34;used&#34; item.
I thought I was getting a brand new camera after spending $600 on this item.
Returning the camera.
Beautiful camera.
I'm still trying to learn all the specs but so far I love it .
I ABSOLUTELY LOVE THIS CAMERA.
It has an awesome wide angle stock lens and shoot great high quality video.
It also takes pretty amazing shots at night and when your subject is in motion.
Over all amazing.
This is a stunning little camera.
It takes DSLR quality photos without the size and weight.
If you have outgrown your cell phone photos or other smaller camera, this is camera is worth every dollar.
The camera uses the Sony E-Mount lenses, and there are plenty to meet your needs.
There are a lot of naysayers on the web who say that Sony doesn't have a good lens selection, but the E mount lenses available for this meet my needs.
I consider myself an enthusiast.
Even the &#34;kit&#34; lens is serviceable.
You could do nothing but just buy this camera with the kits lens and be happy with the photos you take.
Many DSLR owners do this.
Some things to keep in mind with a mirrorless camera.
You'll get less photos per battery charge (compared to large DSLR batteries) due to the smaller batteries that mirrorless cameras use.
That is just science and physics.
Plan on 250-300 photos per charge.
You will also want to minimize the time you take when switching lenses.
Dust can be an issue (with any interchangeable lens camera), so always be away from windy situations and change lenses fast.
Never change lenses with the camera poweredd on because it will draw more dust in when the camera is on.
I was skeptical at first about mirrorless, but then I watched a lot of online videos from famous photographers making the switch to Sony mirrorless, and I was intrigued.
It takes raw (or jpeg if you choose) 24 megapixel images that are editable in Lightroom.
This is my DSLR when my DSLR is too big or too unwieldy to carry.
New generation!
if you have the old ones you will know the difference!
Great, stylish and awesome!
very good
when i open to test the camera, it keep saying cannot recognized lens, and i didnt touch anything.
it just stay the same when it came out form the box!
I also tried to re attach the lens.
the problem didnt solve at all!!
so i returned it.
I got this camera for my daughter and she just loves the pictures she gets out of it.
I bought this after a recommendation from a friend and it was exactly what I needed!
I'm not a professional photographer, not by a long shot, but I love taking a million photos everywhere I go and wanted something that had really great/fast focus and a LIGHT body because I can't stand how heavy dSLRs can get after just a couple hours.
I bought a Sony Vario-Tessar 16-70mm F4 lens to go with it and the results have been awesome.
Here's a few shots I took.
The auto focus is so fast and my go-to setting on the SCN is the action/sports mode which lets me take incredible shots of my dog and other moving objects (like that bubble!)
I would recommend this to amateur/beginners as well as experts who want something lighter and less heavy duty.
My Beloved 
Best camera that I've owned... and I've had quite a few.
This one is both easy to use and highly customizable for those who like to tinker.
The photo quality is excellent.
The lens system is both plentiful and easy to use.
Given the price at which these can typically be bought at, they are a steal.
This is the best camera I have owned, period.
It is easy to carry, set up, and shoot.
It takes great pictures especially with the Sony 1.8/35 mm prime.
I have gotten clean shots in very low light and the high frame rate coupled with the fast auto focus is truly amazing.
I highly recommend this camera its a real gem.
Let me start out by saying that this is not a bad camera.
It's affordable, pocketable, and the image quality is *almost* good enough for *some* professional photographers.
But, the a6000 is a mixed bag.
The quality of the camera itself definitely lives up to Sony's reputation; that being said, it's also a very &#34;Sony&#34; design.
What I mean by that is, where a hypothetical Apple version of the a6000 would be all aluminum with chamfered edges and glass with a touchscreen and three physical controls, Sony's version is all plastic with rubber and many buttons and a dial, a semi-articulated view screen and a lens release that is somewhat inconveniently placed.
Sony's menus can be a bit confusing, but you will probably get used to it before too long.
The buttons are (very) small, so someone with large hands like myself can feel a little clumsy trying to use it.
The sensor is a bit noisy, due to the resolution increase from 16mp to 24mp, but that can be remedied with faster lenses and lower ISO, or Adobe Lightroom- and if you shoot JPEG in Auto mode you will probably never even need software to correct your pictures.
Oh, and the kit lens is just awful (if you really want sharp photos, that is).
If you  pick up this camera with an eye on anything other than occasional family/vacation pics, you will need a different lens.
But more on that later.
The image quality can be very good.
That's not surprising; Sony probably made the sensor in your smartphone.
Did you think Apple was making their own sensors?
Sony also makes sensors for other camera manufacturers.
Anyway, the a6000 is a bit finicky in manual mode, somewhat contrary to its reputation for being simple to use.
Despite the shortcomings, most amateur photographers will find that the benefits of the a6000 will outweigh the compromises inherent in the CSC/mirrorless form factor.
So what's the catch?
The lens selection.
Beware buying into Sony's mirrorless system.
The E-Mount lens lineup is mediocre at best.
Sigma has some decent prime lenses, but in order to get a decent Sony (or Zeiss) 35mm-50mm equivalent you will spend $500-$1400 on each lens(!).
The affordable Sony-made lenses are all weird focal lengths on crop-sensor cameras, The Sony SEL50F18 is a 50mm lens with a 75mm equivalent on an APS-C camera- great for portrait photography and not much else.
Lenses that do not work out to &#34;odd&#34; equivalent focal lengths are not well rated by DXO and others (Sony's own 16mm and 20mm lenses, for example.)
There is a 28mm lens (42mm equivalent on APS-C) for the full frame E-Mount cameras, but that will set you back almost $500, and it appears to be quite large when attached to the a6000.
In this regard, Sony really is failing by lavishing its limited attention span on the full-frame E-Mount camera lenses at the expense of the much more affordable, crop-sensor models.
Also, almost every one of the zoom lenses available for these cameras are either $1500, mediocre, or both.
So, that being said, you have three options: shell out $600 for the camera and about $5,000-$10,000 for Sony's own lenses, or invest in adapters and purchase more affordable Nikon and Canon glass.
Or you can just content yourself with Sony's lower-end lenses and Sigma's primes.
But I strongly encourage everyone who is interested in the E-Mount APS-C cameras to investigate the available lenses before making a purchase.
Here's where I am now- I plan on buying a Nikon D5500 in the next couple of months.
I was going to buy the 28mm FE and the Sony/Zeiss 35mm, until I looked at the DXO ratings.
I know, DXO isn't the end-all, be-all, but still- $1,500 for lenses that can't outdo Sigma(!!!!!!!!)?
So I started looking at other brands again.
Turns out, Nikon has many, many primes and zooms that don't cost as much as (or more than) the camera body you want to mount them on (as does Canon; I'm not stepping into that debate!
).
They have extremely high-end zoom and prime lenses as well, but the point is that there are many choices for the amateur/enthusiast, too.
In fact, the reason I'm choosing Nikon over Canon boils down to the fact that I can buy a lens made decades ago and mount it to my camera (without an adapter) if I want to.
That kind of legacy lens support is very appealing to me, as someone who loves to peruse old glass on eBay.
If it works out, I'm selling my a6000 (I've already sold the Sony 50mm lens) and my Sigma primes.
Sony seems content to milk a hot market for all they can get, with no eye on the future; otherwise, there would be an affordable 24mm E-Mount lens, so those of us who prefer a 35mm field of view can get one without spending $1000.
As it stands, my two years of Sony E-Mount experience (Nex 6 & a6000) have convinced me that the mirrorless camera is a niche product, something for enthusiasts and people who want something they can put a pancake lens on and keep in a coat pocket (although Sony's own RX100 M2 would be even better as a pocket camera).
It is certainly not a replacement for a DSLR (yet) and it never will be unless Sony steps up and makes some high-quality, affordable lenses that don't cost 2-3 times the camera itself.
(Edited for price accuracy and clarity.)
Awesome camera.
This is the first time in a long time that I have been this impressed with a camera.
Well worth the price.
This camera takes amazing pictures, very sharp and professional quality images.
One of the best, for portrait and action photography.
I switched from a Canon DSLR camera due to its bulky size.
I was nervous about the results, but this camera exceeds my expectations, takes better and sharper images than most DSLR.
Easy to use, excellent images, I really like this camera.
For me the size is right - large enough to hold, enough spacing between buttons that you don't press 2 at once, yet much smaller than the DSLR form factor.
Two minor quibbles - the lens release button is hard to access because it is positioned between the lens and the camera's handgrip.
And, the plastic cover around the viewfinder is not friendly to those who wear glasses.
It needs to be larger and made of a more compliant material.
As it is, in bright sun, you get a lot of light in-between your glasses and the viewfinder.
Otherwise, a great choice for anyone looking at mirrorless cameras.
Perfect !
A very nice little camera.
Small, lightweight but feature-packed, it's an impressive package.
The APC image format is equal to most consumer DSLR cameras, and it shoots RAW files, so this is a serious camera.
Image quality up to 2500 ISO is excellent, and above that the inevitable noise is not too objectionable, reminding me somewhat of fast negative film grain rather than digital noise.
The standard 16~55mm lens is very good for a kit lens, and gives somewhat wider coverage (equivalent to a 24mm lens on full-frame cameras) than usually found on these types of lenses.
Distortion at the wider angles is serious, but if you shoot RAW it's easily corrected during processing.
The camera handles well and the controls are not too confusing, although being placed so close together they can lead to accidental and unwanted changes if you're not careful.
The digital viewfinder is just OK, color is poor but it enables careful framing at least, the biggest problem is that it shows the review image that is more normally inspected on the rear screen, which needs to be cleared before continuing to shoot.
The biggest problem with this camera, and the only reason I did not give it 5 stars, is that battery life is terrible, at least with the original equipment Sony batteries.
The stated specifications in the manual are totally unrealistic, the camera just sucks its batteries dry even when on standby.
A minimum of two fully charges batteries is a must for a day's shooting, and I would recommend traveling with three.
Adapters are readily available for a variety of older SLR lenses.
I used one for Pentax K-mount with a 135mm lens, and got surprisingly good results.
I have not tried the video mode, but I hear it's very good.
I waited to write this review until I got to use it for a little.
Came from using a D5300 and wanted to get something smaller and more of a point and shoot.
This came well packaged and needless to say offers almost everything you will find in a DSLR camera.
What made me switch to this camera is the fact it is essentially a point and shoot with a DSLR size APS C sensor.
Putting the sensor aside, second reason I bought this was the speed of focus and number of focus points.
The camera does an amazing job at focus as well as provides a great job at low light shots.
Overall I would certainly recommend this to anyone who is searching for a point and shoot yet still wants those better pictures-functions of a dslr.
Only tips I have are to be aware of a few things…..
-The stock lens that comes with this was VERY disappointing to me.
With a side by side comparison of pictures with this and a S5 Samsung Phone, the phone pictures seemed crisper with sharper effect.
Of course if you zoom in, the Sony was much better.
But overall, the pictures I took with stock lens came out “nice” but lacked that crisp and detailed look.
I understand kit lenses are not typically high end , but this one in my opinion was very poor.
(Especially in comparison to Nikon kit lenses.)
I feel if you buy this camera YOU MUST consider an immediate purchase of a higher zoom and a prime lens.
The kit lens performed so poor, I almost was compelled to go with the Sony RX 100 III.
(Still not sure I made the right decision and only by using one and comparing further with the new lens would answer that.)
Overall a great camera for the price and pictures will be amazing if you have the right lens.
What more can be said than what has already been said.
I bought this to replace a full size DSLR and I couldn't be happier.
There is a lot to learn about this camera and I'm looking forward to some great pictures.
Totally satisfied with this camera.
Meets our needs as a kovice and wil be a camera we can grow with.
Pictures are amazing!
I am in love with this camera.
I have bought antique/vintage lenses and with all of the adaptors available, am having a blast shooting in manual focus mode and loving it.
The camera is so light and easy to carry around.
I love this mirrorless camera.
It's the perfect size and weight with all the bells and whistles of a full size DSLR.
It's much easier to use and operate than my Canon 70D and it's so much easier to carry on trips.
The pictures and video it captures are magnificent.
I highly recommend it!
I took this camera on a trip to Canada , it did a great job .
The pictures are sharp and the Sony app to adjust them works wonders.
It was a little more money than I wanted to spend but I have no complaints
I would recommend this camera to a friend without looking back.
Fast shipping, exactly what I ordered.
Photos were all taken by me.
I transfered from Facebook.
Not sure if that effects quality.
I bought one of these from a store about 2 weeks ago.
I didn't know much about it.
I just had some extra cash and wanted a new camera.
Wow was I in for surprise.
This thing is a beast.
I live on a farm that has chickens, llamas, sheep, and horses.
I have captured some mind blowing pictures.
There are tons of different settings and it'll take some time to know how to use everything.
Definitely get the optional 200 or 210mm lens.
The factory 16 55mm lens isn't the best but one you get things dialed in it's definitely worth the money.
I am ordering the 10-18mm lens next.
came as planned in great condition.
The camera is fine for now , but when I received the package, I found the box of the camera is not sealed and there's a fingerprint on the screen, it really makes me uncomfortable...
These digicams just keep getting better and better!
Here can bee seen the first of eighty four photos made by me on Halloween, 2015 in Salem, MA.
The rest can be seen by clicking the right arrow in the image.
I believe that they show what great camera the a6000 really is.
https://www.facebook.com/photo.php?fbid=10153559093816760&l=dbd2fd2088
Loving this camera!
I've been an avid photographer all my life, I've had multiple 35mm, medium format, and DSLR cameras...love how small and portable this is but still feels substantial and well made.
I've had a blast using this, can toss in my purse and take everywhere with me.
So much easier than lugging a large camera and equipment around when it's not necessary but not sacrificing picture quality.
Can't say enough good things about it.
Bought it as a walk around / street unobtrusive option that can capture the interesting thing without drawing too much attention.
With the LA-ea4 adaptor It has all but replaced my A77.
This camera when paired with a sigma 60mm f2.8 lense is the best combination ever.
Took some amazingly super sharp photos with it.
Thanks...!!
!
Bought this to upgrade from an original NEX5 we had purchased years ago.
The camera is compact and extremely powerful.
Add some lenses and you'll never need anything else.
Brought this on my trip to cancun, and it was phenomenal.
light and easy to carry around.
got my prime lens with it.
don't take my word for it, just look at my shots.
The Sony A6000 is everything I could have wanted in a camera as an amateur photographer.
The camera takes fantastic quality of pictures, gives the user as much or little control as they want, and is a very sturdy and strong quality of camera that can hold up to the abuse of moving to get the right photos.
Here are some of my main points from my use with the camera the last 2 months.
Price
Obviously everyone is interested in the price of the product.
I believe this camera is prices well for the amount of product you are getting.
Because it is a mirrorless camera, it can take pictures at a quality of a $1000+ DLSR for a lower price.
I Picked up this camera at Best Buy for $700 and did fork over the $180 for 3 years of Geek Squad to go with it.
Even though $880 is still a good chunk of money I have found the camera to be well worth it.
Ease of Use
The Sony A6000 setting will let more professional users have complete control of all settings, or will let the newest amateur have almost no control and auto all settings for still a very great picture.
I usually have the camera in full auto mode.
The only times I have placed the camera in any of the manual modes is for nighttime skyline and drag racing photos.
Picture Quality
This camera has a 24.3 megapixels and the pictures are great.
As long as I haven’t screwed things up from a camera control perspective, the photons always come out fantastic.
Obviously, post editing photos is something that any realistic photographer will do, but because the photos are so great coming out of the camera, there is usually very little for me to do.
For examples of photos that I have taken, please see my online portfolio: SSH-Photography.com
Cons
Very few cons with this camera.
But here are 2 that I have found while using the Sony A6000.
- Continuous shooting speed.
On this camera, for sports photos or fast moving nature photos, a fast shooting speed is necessary to get the shot you want.
Some more high end cameras and DSLRs will allow you to actually choose the number of photos per second.
This camera will allow you to choose from low, medium or high shooting speed.
The shooting speed of high is pretty fast, but what I noticed while at the drag racing track here in town is that even when shooting at a high speed with picture settings to JPEG the camera was just barely slower than I would have wanted.
Now, please note that the cars I was shooting were traveling at 250+ MPH and I was standing about 20 feet away, so the kind of photos I was getting were at the extreme end of sports shooting.
- Hot Shoe.
The hot shoe on the top of the camera works with almost all accessories, but for some reason some of those accessories do not lock in securely completely all the time.
If you notice the camera you will see the hot shoe is black compared to a Nikon or Cannon hot shoe.
Part of me wonders that in an effort to keep the camera esthetically pleasing SONY painted the hot shoe in a way that makes it difficult for accessories to lock in completely sometimes.
It has never been a major issue, but just something I noticed that I wish was just one more step towards perfect.
Recommendation
I would recommend this camera to any other individual who wanted to get into amateur photography that wanted a good quality camera for a price that is less than $1000.
As I learn more about taking photos and how to become a better photographer this camera allows me to take those next steps.
This camera is better than I could have imagined at first and only wish I had gotten started on this hobby a lot sooner.
Once again, if you would like to see some examples of photos that I have taken please visit my online portfolio: SSH-Photography.com
Love the Sony E-Mount cameras.
This is my 3rd purchase of this line.
Previous owner of NEX-F3, NEX-6 and now A6000.
I purchased the camera to take some amazing pictures in Iceland.
I can't say that I'm avid photographer, but I've taken quite a lot of amazing shots.
I was really excited to take some killer shots with the camera, but wasn't impressed.
I kept the camera in Auto majority of the time with the occasional chance to play with settings in manual mode.
Most of my pictures, though they looked nice on the screen, were quite grainy when zoomed in on the computer.
I have used cheaper cameras in the past that have taken better pictures.
In fact, the pictures I was able to take using my Samsung Galaxy S6 edge came out the same or better.
My friend used her iPhone with similar results.
Perhaps I'm missing something here or didn't know about a setting that took grainy-mode off, but either way, out of the box, it didn't do what I needed, and that was to capture some great images.
Learning how to use.
Total novice.
I needed to purchase a lens, the body only option is useless apparently.
Its nice, lightweight, easy to hold.
But i still have alot to learn and play around with.
This camera is amazing!
It has everything your looking for in a small, nice size.
For beginners it is a little bit more difficult to use because there is so many settings.
Great camera I recommend getting this camera for video and photography!!
!
Did tons of research before I bought this gem.
Was looking at Cannons and Nikon and the new Panasonic G7 that records in 4K but ultimately decided on this camera for its 179 focal points, fast auto focus and 11fps.
If you are looking for a compact mirrorless shooter look no further than the a6000, take the kit lens off put a sigma on it and let this thing rip you some photos that rival the big DSLR's.
Love my little camera
Very nice camera.
Delivered in time.
Suggest to buy bundle with kit lens and sel55210.
Love the Sony E-Mount cameras.
This is my 3rd purchase of this line.
Previous owner of NEX-F3, NEX-6 and now A6000.
I purchased the camera to take some amazing pictures in Iceland.
I can't say that I'm avid photographer, but I've taken quite a lot of amazing shots.
I was really excited to take some killer shots with the camera, but wasn't impressed.
I kept the camera in Auto majority of the time with the occasional chance to play with settings in manual mode.
Most of my pictures, though they looked nice on the screen, were quite grainy when zoomed in on the computer.
I have used cheaper cameras in the past that have taken better pictures.
In fact, the pictures I was able to take using my Samsung Galaxy S6 edge came out the same or better.
My friend used her iPhone with similar results.
Perhaps I'm missing something here or didn't know about a setting that took grainy-mode off, but either way, out of the box, it didn't do what I needed, and that was to capture some great images.
Learning how to use.
Total novice.
I needed to purchase a lens, the body only option is useless apparently.
Its nice, lightweight, easy to hold.
But i still have alot to learn and play around with.
Did tons of research before I bought this gem.
Was looking at Cannons and Nikon and the new Panasonic G7 that records in 4K but ultimately decided on this camera for its 179 focal points, fast auto focus and 11fps.
If you are looking for a compact mirrorless shooter look no further than the a6000, take the kit lens off put a sigma on it and let this thing rip you some photos that rival the big DSLR's.
I am a fairly experienced photographer currently using a Nikon full frame DSLR but I was looking for a camera that would give me quality images but wouldn't weigh so much.
I'm 5' 5&#34; female and carrying around all my gear can be arduous.
After researching several mirrorless cameras I decided on the Sony A6000 and I'm so glad I did!
Coupled with the Zeis 16-70 (24-105mm) lens, it is a perfect walk around companion.
My images are sharp and the colors are great.
Although I am basically an aperture and manual mode shooter, I found that the scene modes provided on the camera are pretty good and a lot of fun to use, especially the night shot mode that takes three exposures and blends them together.
I've used this several times in dark environments with no tripod and the composite images have been correctly exposed allowing for maximum manipulation possibilities in Lightroom/Photoshop.
I am so happy with the 'little guy' that I'm shopping for more lenses and a smaller tripod!
Love my little camera
Very nice camera.
Delivered in time.
Suggest to buy bundle with kit lens and sel55210.
Awesome little camera!
Read the reviews, there is a reason its rated top notch.
Superb.
I am a long time Canon shooter and serious hobbyist (sometimes freelancer as well) and I have turned up my nose at these little mirrorless systems for a long time.
How could this tiny little thing possibly hold a candle to my trusty 6D?
I recently picked one of these up with a Sony 20mm 2.8 prime just to have a camera to stick in my jacket pocket at festivals and when I don't want to lug around the beast.
Well, after an mere hour cruising around the block with this thing and taking crappy little potshots I have been won over.
If you haven't shot with a good EVF before, you don't know what you're missing out on.
Live histogram, exposure preview, live zebras for clipped areas, focus peeking, variable grid patterns, really, really good focus tracking (compared to my 6D) and tons of fps on top of it all (if that's your thing).
The hype is real, people.
That's all well and good, except hey, this is an APS-C camera, and while the EVF features are cool, when it really comes down to it I own a full frame for a reason: image quality.
Got the raw shots into Lightroom and I was blown away at the quality.
The 24mps of this sensor really do a great job at resolving detail, and the lens performed incredibly well.
Keep in mind here i'm used to shooting the 6D with the Canon 24-70 2.8 mark ii attached, or some other piece of L glass.
I don't mean to sound like some loaded snob here, just trying to put things in context.
We can skip the rest of the praise.
Long story short, my canon body and 24-70 are going on the open market to finance the switch over to Sony.
That decision was made in the span of a weekend, and I have absolutely no qualms about it.
I'm done waiting for Canon to come out with their mirrorless competitor.
If the A7ii anything like this little guy, I predict that i'm going to be a very happy photographer in the coming months.
Camera is wonderful.
Small lens has already started jamming, contacting Sony for assistance.
Awesome little camera!
Read the reviews, there is a reason its rated top notch.
Superb.
I am far from to top notch photographer, but have always enjoyed taking photos.
I decided to up my game a little and after much research went with the A6000 over the A6300 because I really didn't need 4K video, and have nothing I could use to watch it anyway!
This camera is very easy to use and takes excellent photos.
It has so many built in functions that I am still exploring to find them all.
One of the things I really appreciate is the size.
I bought an extra lens to use for my daughters' sports and musical performances, which adds to the size.
However, with the kit lens on it, it is small enough to put into a small case (Mirrorless Mover 5, in my case) and take with you to someplace like an amusement park without any inconvenience whatsoever.
I know this isn't something that a professional photographer would be concerned with, but someone who just wants a great camera handy for family photos, or the ability to take top level photos when the situation calls for it, will be very happy with this purchase.
I am a long time Canon shooter and serious hobbyist (sometimes freelancer as well) and I have turned up my nose at these little mirrorless systems for a long time.
How could this tiny little thing possibly hold a candle to my trusty 6D?
I recently picked one of these up with a Sony 20mm 2.8 prime just to have a camera to stick in my jacket pocket at festivals and when I don't want to lug around the beast.
Well, after an mere hour cruising around the block with this thing and taking crappy little potshots I have been won over.
If you haven't shot with a good EVF before, you don't know what you're missing out on.
Live histogram, exposure preview, live zebras for clipped areas, focus peeking, variable grid patterns, really, really good focus tracking (compared to my 6D) and tons of fps on top of it all (if that's your thing).
The hype is real, people.
That's all well and good, except hey, this is an APS-C camera, and while the EVF features are cool, when it really comes down to it I own a full frame for a reason: image quality.
Got the raw shots into Lightroom and I was blown away at the quality.
The 24mps of this sensor really do a great job at resolving detail, and the lens performed incredibly well.
Keep in mind here i'm used to shooting the 6D with the Canon 24-70 2.8 mark ii attached, or some other piece of L glass.
I don't mean to sound like some loaded snob here, just trying to put things in context.
We can skip the rest of the praise.
Long story short, my canon body and 24-70 are going on the open market to finance the switch over to Sony.
That decision was made in the span of a weekend, and I have absolutely no qualms about it.
I'm done waiting for Canon to come out with their mirrorless competitor.
If the A7ii anything like this little guy, I predict that i'm going to be a very happy photographer in the coming months.
I was looking forward to the wireless transfer feature.
It turns out that it does not work on a macbook pro (strangely, it does work on other apple products with the same system).
Sony views this as Apple's fault and suggested I buy a different computer.
That is not the kind of customer service I am looking for.
Great camera.
Takes fabulous pictures
I upgraded to this camera from an older model, so I was able to use my lenses I already had.
I absolutely LOVE this camera!
If you had a Sony Alpha before- this one will not disappoint.
It has the option to transfer photos to your computer or an app on your phone using wireless connection- which has saved me when I ran out of space on my memory card during a vacation.
It takes beautiful photos and videos.
I also like the new button they added to quickly switch to video or to rotate through the different modes without having to play with the digital screen.
Got this camera and returned it as it was different then the one in the picture.
The one I got is a little larger then the one pictured as well it had a view finder.
This is a model better then the one I had purchased however due to the $120 difference in cost I returned it for the a5100.
These Sony cameras are the best and take the greatest pictures.
I also own a Nikon D5300 with a ton of lenses, Nikon S9500, Canon Point and shoot, and none of them compare to the Sony a5100, in picture quality and ease of use.
The a6000 is a higher quality camera then the model I currently own.
I assume the pictures from it are most likely superior to the lower end model.
The a6000 is a larger camera by a small margin then the a5000 and a5100 and it has a few additional features.
Amazon Warehouse saved hundreds on this purchase.
You cannot go wrong with a Sony Alpha or NEX.
I bought this camera on January 16 through Amazon.
I started to have issues with the screen since I opened it.
I even opened a ticket to return the item to Amazon because I was seeing some weird lines on the screen.
While I was chatting with the support person from Amazon to return the camera, I turned it off for 1 minute and then turned it back on and the lines were gone so I closed the ticket and kept the camera.
This problem has escalated, Now the screen darkens to around 25% of the normal brightness and the lines are very very visible, this happens after around 30 seconds of turning it on.
I sent this case to Amazon on March 24 but they said they cannot change the item due to the fact that it was over 30 days after buying it.
This even after I specifically clarified that I had opened up an issue with them since day one, the camera obviously had some problems since the start that have escalated.
I am based in Colombia, South America and now I cannot get the camera repaired here, they say that Sony does not have global support por its prouducts so they would charge me (as much as the body costs brand new) to repair it.
For two days now Ive been trying to get a hold of Sony Support in the US to see how to send my camera, their phone support is just collapsed and I havent been able to speal to a human being.
Amazon pulled through and allowed me to return the item for a refund.
But Sony's support was really dissapointing.
Thanks amazon!
Incredible camera.
Focus is extremely fast.
Tremendous clarity.
I know it will happen; but, I would like to see Sony come out with more E mount long telephotos.
I also have a Nikon D7100 and resort to that camera for extreme telephoto.
C'mon Sony, between the A6000 and the A6300, gotta have more long telephotos Not really interested in adapters to get what I want.
Camera itself is great.
Great camera, I can use it with my other lenses.
PROS
---------
- Dynamic range is better than Canon's cameras; comparable to Nikon's cameras since Sony makes the sensors for most Nikon bodies.
- Better color accuracy than Canon cameras.
Canon sensors process the infamous and very slight red hue.
- Great continuous shooting rate: 11 frames per second!
- Portable
- Light
- Extremely fast autofocus speed.
Sony boasts the world's fastest auto-focus for their mirrorless lineup.
- High ISO performance rivals full frame cameras.
- Built-in wifi
- Built-in NFC
- Ability to directly install camera apps via Sony PlayMemories via wifi.
- View finder displays how photo will look depending on settings.
- Awesome video recording capabilities compared to Canon and Nikon
- In-camera HDR feature
- Articulating screen
CONS
---------
- Short battery life compared to traditional DSLR's (However, spare third party batteries are very affordable)
- Changing some settings seems to require a couple more steps compared to Canon and Nikon platforms
- NFC feature does not appear to work on iOS as of 3/2016; works perfectly on Android platform
- Sony PlayMemories mobile app is required for NFC transfers
- In-camera HDR feature only works when shooting in JPEG
- 1.5x crop factor compared to full frame cameras (explanation below)
PERSONAL TESTIMONIAL
-----------------------------------------
I vowed I'd never return to cropped sensor (APS-C) cameras after purchasing a Canon 6D full frame camera.
However, I did my research on the mirrorless platform, and I was sold on the Sony a6000, so much that I sold my Canon gear to fund the purchase of this camera body.
The weight difference between the 6D body and the a6000 body is like night and day, and my neck will thank me later.
Upon taking my first photos with the a6000, I instantly noticed the difference in color reproduction and dynamic range over my former camera.
Then, I tried continuous shooting and I was floored--11 frames per second, which now allows me to take much better action shots.
That, along with the a6000's extremely quick auto-focus resulted in some great photos of my daughter's very first soccer game.
High ISO performance on the a6000 rivals that of a full frame camera.
Now, it will be better on full frame, but the a6000 comes very close.
With my Canon APS-C cameras (t3, t4i, and 60D), noise level was quite prominent above ISO 1600.
With the a6000, photos at ISO 6400 are usable, and in some cases, even up to ISO 12,800.
The built-in wi-fi has been helpful in allowing me to download apps directly to my camera.
I've tested NFC on an Android phone, and it works perfectly (after downloading and installing the Sony PlayMemories mobile app).
However, I have been unsuccessful in getting it to work on my iPhone 6S.
I was never able to record acceptable video with my Canon bodies.
I soon learned that Canon DSLR's are notoriously awful at video recording.
I no longer have this issue with the a6000.
Its quick autofocus does wonders on video as much as it does on stills, and it can record at 1080p, 60 FPS.
The a6000 does have an in-camera HDR feature that's pretty decent, but since I mostly shoot RAW, I prefer shooting bracketed exposures and merge them later in post-processing as the in-camera HDR only works with JPEG's.
The camera's articulating screen also comes in very handy when shooting at extreme angles, although it cannot be flipped all the way out for selfies.
A smaller camera body obviously results in a smaller battery footprint.
Since the a6000 packs so much power in such a portable body, battery life is unexceptional.
The average battery life on the Canon 6D is rated at about 950 shots per charge, whereas the a6000 is rated at 310 shots on the view finder and 360 in live view.
Fortunately, third-party batteries for the a6000 are very inexpensive.
The trade-off was worth it in exchange for actual video recording ability, better quality photos, and significantly better continuous shooting speed.
Now for crop factor.
A full frame camera sensor is the same size as a 35 mm frame of film.
The Sony a6000's APS-C sensor is 1.5 times smaller, so photos will have a narrower field of view.
For example, a 14 mm lens on my Canon 6D has a 14 mm field of view since the 6D is a full frame camera.
On the a6000, the same 14 mm lens will actually give me a field of view equivalent to 21 mm on full frame (14 x 1.5).
Although the focal length is the same, the a6000's field of view will be tighter because of its smaller sensor size.
This is a disadvantage to some, but for me, it was another trade-off I was personally willing to make because of how awesome the a6000 is.
Just like I had no regrets buying the Canon 6D as it is a great camera in its own right, I have no regrets selling the 6D for the sake of adapting to the future of photography.
My a6000 is pumping out better quality images and performing nearly as good at high ISO than my former camera body.
I've yet to use it in more real world scenarios, but so far, I'm very impressed despite trading off battery life and crop factor.
For over half the price of my previous setup, I couldn't go wrong.
This is the perfect camera for the enthusiast and professional alike.
In the case of the Sony a6000, big things really do come in small packages.
My worst purchase on Amazon.com.
I bought a new Sony Alpha a6000 bundled with a lens from Sony fulfilled by Amazon Prime.
It was a Black Friday deal so I saved some.
When the camera arrived, it was obvious that it wasn't new.
There was no seal on the box, the camera had hair, finger prints and small scratches.
I called Amazon customer service and reported the problem.
I was offered to return it or replace it, but I would lose promotional value.
I have saved about $150 on the Black Friday deal, so I decided to keep the camera even though I was very disappointed as i was supposed to get a new camera for a good price, but instead I got a used one for a fair price.
Some time later, when I needed to use the camera, I realized that the camera was malfunctioning - the screen turns off whenever you are holding the camera at an angle sharper than 90 degrees.
It makes it very hard to use this camera, as the screen shuts down basically every time when I try to take a picture.
By the time I realized that the camera was malfunctioning, 30-day period was already over, so I am stuck with this purchase.
I don't understand why would Amazon send me a used camera, when I bought a new camera.
Upd: Since I wrote my review I learned that it is a software malfunction that makes my screen shut down.
Other users have experienced this problem and it does not seem to be a solution so far.
Attached are the pictures taken with my Sony Alpha a6000 with the lens it comes with.
The photos were adjusted in Adobe Lightroom.
Love this camera!
Converted from Nikon DSLR.
The ability to see changes with the electronic viewfinder and focus zoom has really changed my abilities in photography.
Takes great photos with good glass.
First of all i did not trusted at all for A Sony cam to be so good ..
I always thought th camera brands like Canon are the REAL deal ...
I'm not a professional photographer but this camera does a great job.
I just got back from a vacation, i played lill bit with t camera & I shoot some picts .
... mention that i used the standard  16-50mm lens with a UV filter on  & i improved t contrast from computer JUST a Lill bit @ the Grand Canion pict, the standard lent is not so sharp & hope u guys don't take it as cheating.
...
Anyway  rest of pictures are &#34;untouched&#34; .
This is a great camera but has too many adjustments available.
The video quality is excellent, photos are good but not great.
Also the macro does not work that well.
But for the size it can't be beat by the competition!
I found this product to be a disappointment, shots are often blurred or simply don't look good.
I tried the Alpha A7 II and it was significantly better!
!
This is the best camera for the money.
For landscape, portrait and general shootings... (except for low light conditions vs other DSLR) this is the best camera I'd ever used; with so many in camera adjustment options the photos came out beautifully.
Although it take some times to get used to the camera, there's no other that I wanted better.
Love this camera!
Converted from Nikon DSLR.
The ability to see changes with the electronic viewfinder and focus zoom has really changed my abilities in photography.
Takes great photos with good glass.
One of the better cameras I've owned.
Went from a NEX-6 to this one.
Much nicer menus, very responsive, nice controls and layout.
As an interim camera before moving to a professional full frame camera you cannot beat the power for the price.
For my needs 24.1mp at 11 frames a second has allowed me to take incredible sports photography as well as amazing surreal fine art photography.
By running adapters you can use any number of old inexpensive glass to transform the look of your images without having to break the bank and the e glass designed for the camera tends to be on the less expensive side without sacrificing power.
daughter loves it
First of all i did not trusted at all for A Sony cam to be so good ..
I always thought th camera brands like Canon are the REAL deal ...
I'm not a professional photographer but this camera does a great job.
I just got back from a vacation, i played lill bit with t camera & I shoot some picts .
... mention that i used the standard  16-50mm lens with a UV filter on  & i improved t contrast from computer JUST a Lill bit @ the Grand Canion pict, the standard lent is not so sharp & hope u guys don't take it as cheating.
...
Anyway  rest of pictures are &#34;untouched&#34; .
I haven't explored all the options on this camera but I have taken some very nice pics with it.
Mainly portrait type photos, like family members.
I ordered this during a package sale and ordered just the camera and basic lens, bag, gift card and memory.
I also ordered a larger memory card and battery charger with 2 batteries.
I had second thoughts after placing the order, but before it had been shipped.
I tried to reach someone to ask about adding the zoom lens as well since I realized it was a bargain at only an additional $150 added to the package.
I could not reach anyone that spoke English well enough to understand my problem and my question, &#34;Was it an option to still add the zoom lens to the package and pay the difference for the upgraded package since that was a different package offered at the time I ordered it.&#34; After some explaining, I was afraid my current package was going to be canceled so I ended up stressing that the package I ordered was fine and I wanted no changes.
A little disappointing but the camera was in good shape and I think I will be very happy with it once I have had the opportunity to use it more.
The basic lens really has very little zoom so be aware of this if you order it.
My issue was more with the Amazon order modifying process than the actual item being reviewed.
Love, Love, LOVE!
I got this camera for Christmas and it is amazing.
The quality is some of the best I have seen.
I am not a professional photographer but this allows me to take great quality photos would definitely recommend to anyone looking to capture high quality images of life's special moments.
I purchased this camera in Nov 2015 however I have not used it too often.
After a few use lately, I found the battery would be exhausted if I left it in the camera for 3 to 5 days.
If I left it in there for a month and the better died, I wouldn't be so surprised.
I don't know if this is a common issue for this camera or just mine is defective.
I'm totally disappointed for this product.
I'm an experienced professional photog and designer.
At first let me preface this by saying that camera worked GREAT, picture quality was high, the high speed AF was really impressive.
However, after literally an hour of use, it craps out.
Right after snapping a shot it freezes and shows this error &#34;camera error, turn camera off and on.&#34; I follow directions, speak to customer support, etc.
Sony customer support says that I have send the camera in for service (takes 7-10 business days upon arrival of the facility).
I'm sorry no one has time for that, and in my particular case this was going to be used specifically for an upcoming trip.
Don't just take my word for it.
If you google the error, you'll find multiple people that encountered the same problem and in some cases it happened in the middle of their trip.
Luckily, I purchased this a few weeks ahead of time.
Don't let this happen to you, I recommend sticking to more reliable cameras manufactures such as Nikon and Canon.
For a brand new product, this is just unacceptable.
This was supposed to be a high-end, future of DSLR camera, and mine turned out to be cheap and defective.
I returned,because the lens doesn't work as should.
First off!
THANK YOU Sony for releasing such an amazing product!
Okay so anyone looking to buy this camera let me tell you right now nothing compares to this camera even in a higher bracket EXCEPT for the newly so to be released  A7000 (not a replacement for this camera just a higher bracket camera with 4K video) the pictures I have taken with this camera even starting off as an amateur resorting to Youtube have been beyond impressive, I now have a canvas collection that I started for the house and everyone is always blow away that I have taken these photos, I am always being offered money for my canvas prints.
The date is 3/3/16 and this is still by far the best bang for the buck you can buy SPEND THE MONEY!
You will love this camera and how fun it is to tinker with, the community and support for this product is HUGE!
I have owned this camera for over a year and have much more expensive cameras and I consistently choose this camera in almost every situation then my higher end ones.
PS no longer a Canon fan boy.
Arrived in great condition!
So far really loving the camera and the innovation built into it.
I have a first gen nex 3 and also the nex-f3.
This is a a great step forward.
I`m not a professional photographer but this camera takes some very good pictures, don`t let the size fool you.
I recently took this camera on a trip to Italy and took it everywhere I went without being bothered by the weight of the camera and got some awesome pictures on the trip, I would highly recommend getting this camera.
You can also use old manual lenses from Minolta, Olympus, Nikon e.t.c.
with the fairly inexpensive adapters available so you can have some excellent  quality manual lenses for a fraction of the price.
I love it and would recommend it to family and friends.
I am a beginner and I love this camera so far!
Amazing camera well it is at least for me.
Bought this as my starter camera and ive been using it for about 2 weeks and I really like it.
I cant really compare it to any other cameras since its my first but its small, light weight and takes nicer pics than my cell phone camera.
It also receives a lot of compliments everywhere I take it out.
I uploaded a couple pictures I took using auto mode, I havent really had any time to try to learn how to shoot using the other settings.
Only thing that i do not like is the battery life but I bought a couple of spares for $20 and that works for me.
It was doing just fine till a &#34;friend&#34; backed off a bridge into the Colorado River.
She went to the hospital, the camera went to the trash.
very nice features - 11 frames per second, in camera HDR, lightweight and compact, facial recognition, awesome low light capabilities, very easy to use with no getting frustrated as i toggle between ISO, F-stops, and shutter speed.
Would like a higher flash sync of 1/200 sec instead of 1/160th.
Good update to Nex 7, though the build quality isn't nearly as good, solid, reliable feeling.
Focuses faster, better menu layout, but sometimes I wonder if the Nex 7 wouldn't have been plenty adequate.
Thing is, I like to get bird images and have the new Sony 70-200 for travel, when Canon mega-zoom is just too damn big.
So the A6000 makes the lens a 300/f4--not as functional as my 540mm equivalent Canon, but good enough when keeping things light, especially with 24mp for cropping.
Anyway, birds rarely stay still, so I figured if I'm going to use it for that purpose I need to upgrade from the Nex 7 for faster focus, so I did.
But...
I LOVE the Nex 7, love it's images, it's metal-based build quality, it's feel of solidity and reliability, and BTW I love its electronic level, which this one inexplicably lacks....and so I'm keeping at least one Nex 7 body, because otherwise I feel like I'll have lost something in the bargain.
So...clearly I'm conflicted, though I'll be keeping this camera, mainly for the birds.
And now I have to wonder: Was this actually a review, or more like a wail of confused anguish?
Probably yes and yes.
I guess my overall point is, this one has some necessary improvements, and I'm glad for that, but when a company &#34;updates&#34; a venerable oldie, the new version should be better than the oldie in every way.
The A6000 isn't--it's like you've swapped Indiana Jones for Brandon...umm, the Mummy guy.
But it'll do.
I'm a bit neurotic about big ticket items, so I research and try lots of things before I'm happy.
After trying out the Lumix, LX100, Fuji Xt1, Canon D5500, Ricoh GR, Lumix LX7 and Sony RX100, I've found a camera that I'm happy with.
In spades.
The images right out the camera as jpegs are stunning (maybe a bit over saturated and contrasty, but beautiful).
I shoot RAW and these files are clean and sharp.
This APS-C sensor is special, there's a certain look that's hard to describe but it has a pro-look to me.
Even with the kit lens (16-50mm f3.5-5.6) it performs well, including low light.
In fact, it blew the Lumix LX7 with its f1.4- 2.3 out of the water indoors without flash, due the lack of noise compared the Lumix.
Even images shot at 3200 ISO are usable.
Many of the pros at my local camera shop shoot with this (along with the a7 series full frames) due to the great autofocus and 11 fps machine gun continuous shooting capability.
The size is ideal, compact but not tiny so you have something to grab onto.
The contoured grip is perfect.
With the kit lens or a 50 mm f 1.8 (highly recommended), it can fit in a jacket pocket or purse.
Not so with bigger telephotos, though.
The EVF (electronic viewfinder) is bright and very handy, and one of the best reasons to go with a mirrorless system.
The focus peaking feature is great– it highlights what's in focus in red, yellow or whatever color you assign it.
There's also a full-time manual zoom override if you want.
Video is excellent, although not 4k but I prefer the 24 fps option this camera shoots, as it has a more cinematic look.
For the money, this is an unreal bargain (look for used from Amazon) and is on par with any APS-C sensor DSLRs (and some full-frames), it's that good.
Love it
I absolutely love this camera!
It works great for the photography I do I didn't get the kit lens with it because of all the bad reviews for it so i instead got the sony SEL50F18/B f/1.8 to go with it and the pictures come out amazing.
I also use my kit lens from my sony a3000 on this and it works really great.
MOST AMAZING CAMERA I HAVE EVER HAD IN MY LIFE!!
So many options!
SO many accessories!!
Can get those hard to get pics when your working with a toddler lol
Nice camera, overall.
Very top notch pictures, with the right lenses.
It's got some significant downsides, though.
The EVF just isn't sharp enough to really nail manual focus.
Focus peaking does help, but a 1.4 mpx EVF just looks grainy these days.
I tried to convince myself it wasn't, but it was.
The focus digital zoom thing really wasn't helpful in all but the brightest light.
The other issue for me was the lens selection.
There's a bunch of nice but expensive Zeiss lenses, but most of them aren't stabilized, what's the point of a Zeiss without stabilizing it?
There are a number of nice stabilized primes for the camera, and they will take really great shots, but assume you're going to rely on autofocus with the EVF.
The 50 prime is an awesome portrait lens, and takes pictures almost on par with Zeiss, but stabilized.
The 30 macro is good for macro on a tripod, but that's it, as it's unstabilized.
The zoom selection, for many shooters, is quite mediocre.
The Zeiss zoom is nice, but pricey, and it is only F4.
For that kinda cash, I'd expect F2.8.
If you do indoor shots without flash, that stop makes a pretty big difference.
I tried the G 16-105, and while it takes nice pictures, it's also limited to F4, and I found myself hindered from taking nice indoor shots.
I also found hairline fractures starting on the camera body from the weight of that long lens.
Why would Sony build a camera body that couldn't take the weight of the lenses they make for it?
I ended up going over to the Olympus OMD-EM10 II, for the construction of the body, lens selection, and the INTERNAL STABILIZATION.
No more &#34;Oooh, that Zeiss Touit looks nice, but it's not stabilized...&#34;  Honestly, if the A6000 had just a smidge better EVF and a sensor shift stabilizer, I'd probably have stuck with it.
Having to deal with some lenses being stabilized, and some not is just too much for a camera in this day and age.
I don't miss the days of being unable to shoot handheld below 1/60, maybe 1/45.
First off!
THANK YOU Sony for releasing such an amazing product!
Okay so anyone looking to buy this camera let me tell you right now nothing compares to this camera even in a higher bracket EXCEPT for the newly so to be released  A7000 (not a replacement for this camera just a higher bracket camera with 4K video) the pictures I have taken with this camera even starting off as an amateur resorting to Youtube have been beyond impressive, I now have a canvas collection that I started for the house and everyone is always blow away that I have taken these photos, I am always being offered money for my canvas prints.
The date is 3/3/16 and this is still by far the best bang for the buck you can buy SPEND THE MONEY!
You will love this camera and how fun it is to tinker with, the community and support for this product is HUGE!
I have owned this camera for over a year and have much more expensive cameras and I consistently choose this camera in almost every situation then my higher end ones.
PS no longer a Canon fan boy.
This camera is with no doubt one the greatest bang for your buck you can get!
The sensor on it is unbelievable.
Look up some star time laps videos of this camera on youtube.
The photo I attached is one that was taken at 1am.
This camera takes fantastic pictures, and for someone looking for a good starting point for mirrorless cameras this is probably the perfect camera.
It's got loads of features but does a great job on the automatic setting as well.
This is a no brainer compared to a point and shoot with a permanent lens.
I purchased this to take better pictures of friends and family than the sort of just OK stuff we were all getting with our phones.
I want to remember family events with great detail and maybe be able to capture frameable snapshots and a cellphone CMOS just doesn't cut it most of the time.
Fast, small, and easy!!
No more DSLR's for me, after the Canon EOS-M I was not happy with mirrorless, but the A6000 is a long way from the Canon.
Focus speed is much, much, much better, my only wich for the A6000 would be a touch screen for focus point.
Amazing camera well it is at least for me.
Bought this as my starter camera and ive been using it for about 2 weeks and I really like it.
I cant really compare it to any other cameras since its my first but its small, light weight and takes nicer pics than my cell phone camera.
It also receives a lot of compliments everywhere I take it out.
I uploaded a couple pictures I took using auto mode, I havent really had any time to try to learn how to shoot using the other settings.
Only thing that i do not like is the battery life but I bought a couple of spares for $20 and that works for me.
